1, India's rank in World Bank's  "Ease of Doing Business" is far from satisfactory at 130 out of 189 countries.
2, Finance Minister Arun Jaitley had said that the first and foremost pillar of his tax proposals was to effectively deal with the problem of black money.
3, Finance Minister Arun Jaitley has reiterated his target of reining in fiscal deficit at 3.9 percent of GDP this year and 3.5 percent in the next year
4, Economic growth will be meaningful and inclusive only if the standard of living of each and every Indian improved and in that context it is imperative that policymakers look at ways to create more jobs as bulk of Indians are of working age, President Pranab Mukherjee said recently.
5, Pruning subsidies and reducing leakages have been among the key goals of the NDA government.
6, The farming community will be most expectantly watching Budget 2016 given the massive losses from a double whammy of deficient rainfall and unseasonal rains.
7, The 2015 Budget allocated Rs 29,700 crore for healthcare, barely 2 percent higher than what was allocated in the previous Budget.
8, “Benefits of demographic dividend will flow only if our population is healthy, educated and properly skilled,” Finance Minister Arun Jaitley had said a month before presenting Budget 2015.
9, India’s public sector banks are facing a severe capital crunch resulting from a mountain of bad loans.
10, Divestment has been one of the weak points in the government's performance report card.
11, In CNBC TV-18’s special series, Hello GST, V Lakshmikumaran, Managing Partner, Lakshmikumaran & Sridharan decodes the impact of the Goods and Services Tax (GST) on the banking sector.
12, Will implementation of Goods and Services Tax (GST) be a positive or a negative for the  mutual fund sector? In CNBC-TV18's special series 'Hello GST', Menaka Doshi analysis the same.
13, India's food subsidy for 2015-16 was estimated at around Rs 1.24 trillion. The government believes food subsidy savings through DBT will be much higher than that for LPG. To put things into perspective, the government hopes to save Rs 15000 crore in LPG subsidy leakages every year
14, In CNBC-TV18's special series 'Hello GST', Menaka Doshi examines the impact of Goods and Services Tax (GST) on the real estate sector
15, They will also press for effective steps and policy actions to improve ease of doing business with a view to promote growth.

16, The government may be looking to significantly increase allocation to marque programmes such as the Pradhan Mantri Krishi Sinchai Yojana, Rashtriya Krishi Vikas Yojana, Pradhan Mantri Gram Sadak Yojana, and the one to provide soil health cards to the country's 140 million farmer families over three years
17, India Inc today pressed for a clear roadmap for reduction in corporate tax rate from 30 per cent to 25 per cent in the forthcoming Budget. The industry chambers including CII and Ficci also suggested that the withdrawal of incentives should be in tandem with the reduction in corporate tax rate besides removal of minimum alternate tax (MAT).
18, Leading broadcasters today sought "Infrastructure Status" for the broadcasting industry, including direct-to-home (DTH) and cable sectors in a pre-Budget consultation with Finance Minister Arun Jaitley.
19, "Since MGNREGA is a demand-driven wage employment programme and funds are required to be released to the states on demand being raised at field level, I request you to provide Rs 5,000 cr over and above the budget provision of Rs 34,699," Singh said in the correspondence. 
20, The recommendations made by industry chambers CII, FICCI and Assocham along with export lobby FIEO take into account the possibility of a weaker demand and offer possible solutions to get the growth momentum going. 

21, Industry bodies such as CII and Ficci suggested that the withdrawal of incentives should be in tandem with the reduction in corporate tax rate besides removal or reduction of minimum alternate tax (MAT). 
22, The Sensex today broke its psychological level of 25000 as the Nifty slipped 126.20 points or 1.63 percent to 7614.80 in the first hour of trade.
23, Venkaiah Naidu also said the government was willing to advance the upcoming parliament session to back the landmark tax reform if the Congress party was ready to support the measure.
24, According to a CMIE report, only 383 projects were announced in Q3FY16 with an estimated investment of Rs 1 trillion, the lowest in the past 5 quarters. 
25, The Budget for 2016-17, the second full year Budget by Finance Minister Arun Jaitley is likely to make changes in the way Oil Industry Development Cess is levied to provide relief to companies like ONGC and Cairn India that are being battered by oil prices plunging to 11-year low.

26, It may be in the news for the wrong reasons but the economic miracle produced by China is still something that India should take lessons away from, opines NITI Aayog Vice Chairman Arvind Panagariya.
27, IT sector has asked the government to provide level playing field between the two. Representatives from leading IT companies including Tata Consultancy Services, Infosys, Wipro and HCL were also present in the meeting. 
28, In a CNBC-TV18’s special series ‘Hello GST!” Menaka Doshi today discusses the impact of the Goods & Services Tax (GST) on the infrastructure sector. 
29, Union Agriculture Minister Radha Mohan Singh today said the Centre will soon launch a new software to enable e-connectivity of agricultural markets in the country. 
30, 
People want the GST Bill to pass as it would solve many problems but since the ruling NDA does not have majority in the Rajya Sabha, Congress is not allowing it to pass, the Union Food and Consumer Affairs Minister said during a programme at National Sugar Institute here.

31, After a meeting with Finance Minister Arun Jaitley, ASSOCHAM put out a list of recommendations that it wishes to see in Union Budget 2016.
32, In a CNBC-TV18’s special series 'Hello GST', Menaka Doshi decodes the positives and negatives of GST for the information technology (IT) sector along with Sagar Shah, National  Head - Indirect Tax, BDO India.
33, Finance Minister Arun Jaitley is slated to present the Budget for financial year 2016-17 next month.
34, Published annually, it captures the latest developments in higher education from a policy perspective, both at the central and state levels.
35, 
Jaitley also called upon the states to improve ease of doing business with a view to attract investors saying they are "smart people" and look for "stability of policy (and) business friendly ecosystem." 
36, Tarun Sawhney, VC & MD, Triveni Engineering and Industries is hopeful of sugar prices moving up by Rs 2.5/kilo from current levels of Rs 29-30/kilo.
37, CNBC-TV18’s Nayantara Rai, quoting sources, says that the Budget 2016 will see a ‘mega’ healthcare scheme with an initial investment of Rs 6,000 crore.
38, Meanwhile, the mines ministry may also move Cabinet note on MMDR Amendment, which will allow transfer of mining leases for captive mines. 
39, Internet and mobile content service providers have sought exemption to start-ups from service tax for first three years. They have also demanded exemption to ecommerce firms from value added tax (VAT) in states as they are already paying service tax.
40, By: Ritu Shaktawat & Aditi Mukundan
41, In their pre-budget meeting with Finance Minister Arun Jaitley, representatives from social sector sought allocation under the Mahatma Gandhi National Rural Employment Guarantee Act (MNREGA) be increased by Rs 5,000 crore and spending of 10 per cent of the GDP on the education sector. 
42, "Currently, the sector is taxed at the normal rate for both excise and VAT and hence the overall duty burden is between 24% and 27%. As against this, if the GST rate for the standard rate of products for paints is 17-19%, there will be clearly an advantage," says Jayraj Sheth, Indirect Tax Partner, EY
43, Today it was the turn of the bankers to meet Arun Jaitley. So, be it the Arundhati Bhattacharya, or Aditya Puri, they were all there. High on the list was a better balance between public spending and fiscal prudence. On the taxation front, bankers have urged the government to increase the income tax exemption in a bid to boost retail spending.
44, Development projects envisioned last year cornered a major share of the allocations made in the NDMC budget for 2016-17, which was presented before the Council by chairman Naresh Kumar here today, signifying a huge backlog of projects that are yet to take off. 
45, According to the statement, Moody's expects upstream oil and gas companies to benefit from a lower fuel subsidy burden although low crude and domestic natural gas prices will continue to hurt profitability. 

46, How will the Goods and Services Tax (GST) impact the logistics sector? Here is CNBC-TV18’s Menaka Doshi analysing the impact on the same.

47, The Finance Minister took stock of the economy with all the financial regulators, reiterating the government's growth target of around 7.5 percent, while acknowledging the fact that the global situation remains challenging.
48, The customary pre-Budget consultations are considered important as it helps the government in formulating policies
49, The Council reviewed the major issues and challenges facing the economy. FSDC is a high-powered body, whose members include RBI Governor, Sebi Chairman, IRDAI Chief and heads of other regulatory bodies. 
50, CNBC-TV18 learns that the ministry may seek revision of basic customs duty between 10-25 percent, where the tax levied on long products would be 10 percent and on flat and stainless steel products would be 15 percent. 
51, The survey of 28 economists taken this week showed expectations haven't changed much in the past three months, reflecting how India's steady, if unspectacular, economic performance looks relatively solid compared with peers.
52, "The government should move on the fair pricing of our crude which today, is discounted by 25 percent to Brent; so, hopefully these changes can happen in the Budget or even sooner," says Mayank Ashar, CEO, Cairn India.
53, The government will present the Union Budget for 2016-17 on February 29, Minister of State for Finance Jayant Sinha said on Thursday.
54, Cairn Energy chief executive Simon Thomson met Jaitley on Tuesday to seek a quick resolution to the two year old tax dispute that has forced the firm to sell assets, postpone investment and cut workforce. The company had challenged the tax assessment on a 2006 internal reorganisation and taken government to arbitration. 
55, Speaking to CNBC-TV18’s Rituparna Bhuyan, Uppal says that the industry will ask for a minimum import prices from the government, which will be based on reasonable cost of production. 
56, Inter-state GST could be implemented prior to the full-fledged GST. It would be a big step forward.
57, Arvind Panagariya is India's Sherpa for the forum and is attending a Sherpas' meet at Beijing in China, where the agenda for deliberation in next meeting of G20 nations will be set. 
58, People familiar with the matter say New Delhi is now setting more "realistic" targets for the fiscal year ending March 2017 having raised less then one fifth of the Rs 68500 crore (USD 10.2 billion) it had projected in 2015/16, the sixth straight year it will have missed the target
59, Professor at Dartmouth College, Vijay Govindarajan, says the government should increase public spending to ensure a healthy demand in the system and also encourage private spending
60, 
Certain things have unfolded beginning of this year which have posed some serious challenges for global economy and also India, Sebi chief U K Sinha said here this evening while addressing an Icra function here.
61, "I do not think India can achieve higher economic growth unless we put in place a strong transportation sector," Prabhu said at an event at the Carnegie Endowment for International Peace, a top American thinktank. 
62, China dumping is hurting domestic industry badly, said RK Goyal, MD, Kalyani Steel, adding that cutting prices further would lead to additional losses.
63, As a result of sound prudent policies formulated during 2015-16, the fiscal deficit at the end of November is Rs 4.83 lakh crore or 87 percent of the Budget Estimate for this fiscal. 
64, 
Noting that the new crop insurance policy is a step in the right direction but needs improvements, Centre for Science and Environment (CSE) said that insurance unit is still not at individual farmer level which is a major problem in compensating losses of the individual farmers.

65, The government, Economic Affairs secretary Shaktikanta Das said, will stick to the fiscal deficit roadmap for this year as well as the next. "Finance Ministry and RBI keeping close watch on currency movements. Current Account Deficit expected to be in the range of 1-1.3 percent in current year. Well under control," Das tweeted.

66, According to the global financial services major, December CPI at 5.6 percent was in line with expectation and would help RBI to meet its near term target comfortably.
67, Minister of state for finance Jayant Sinha says he has taken advantage of commerce ministry's consultations with start-ups and identified four key areas that the government needs to focus on. The government is also taking a lot of steps to streamline compliance, he adds
68, Currently state taxes do not exceed 2 percent in the sector but under GST the proposed rate is 2-6 percent. As per the proposed bill, supplies will also be taxed which could lead to higher working capital requirements and valuation issues.
69, Finance minister Arun Jaitley believes the gold monetisation scheme will find acceptance and he is not worried about it. Meanwhile, he also adds that an altered divestment strategy will be finalised shortly. He also feels that banks will need to take tough steps to recover dues
70, Besides Start Up, the Finance Minister said the government will launch Stand Up India scheme under which, bank branches will lend to entrepreneurs belonging to SC/STs and women.

71, Domestic venture capital funds have been seeking parity in tax structure with stock investments. Long term capital gains tax is nil for the latter, compared to 20 percent for venture capital.
72, The Congress Vice President said a "compromise with the government is possible on GST, it is by sitting across the table, the government is not taking it". "The day the conditions are accepted, we will pass the GST. It will take just 15 minutes," he said during an interaction with management students.
73, In an initiative to reduce taxpayer grievances and enhance the taxpayer satisfaction, the Central Board of Direct Taxes had in December asked Central Processing Centre (CPC) - Bengaluru and the field officers to issue refunds of amounts less than Rs 50,000 expeditiously.
74, Faced with an ambitious infrastructure augmentation road map, the Road Transport and Highways Ministry has made a strong pitch for doubling its budget allocation to about Rs 85,000 crore.
75, The government has decided not to cut its annual borrowing this fiscal as it wants to keep public spending high in order to keep growth engines running.

76, An 'end of life' policy may be announced in the Budget that may include a rebate of at least 50 percent in excise duty on new vehicles for buyers who surrender their polluting old ones.
77, Rates of Custom Duties on various stages of production - from raw material to finished products may be finely differentiated allowing small breathing space to each of the value adding company.
78, The deteriorating global economic growth outlook and rising volatility in currency markets have dampened Indian exports, although the blow has been softened by a collapse in the country's oil import bill.
79, "Ind-Ra expects the gross domestic product (GDP) to expand at 7.9 percent in 2016-17 compared with 7.4 percent in 2015-16. "After bottoming out in 2012-13, it believes the GDP so far has followed a steady growth trajectory and is expected to do so even in the medium term", the agency said in its yearly growth projection outlook. 
80, The government had imposed SBC at a rate of 0.5 percent on provision of all taxable services with effect from November 15. Further, it was clarified that the credit of SBC cannot be availed and the cess cannot be paid by utilising credit of any other duty or tax. 
81, "Nevertheless, 85 percent of the steel is met domestically. This is the bottom-line that we continue to utilise domestic steel largely. So imports are not a huge element of our total steel consumption," Commerce Secretary Rita Teaotia said.
82, Sanjay Mathur, Head of Research, RBS says the underlining trend largely remains sluggish and achieving the official growth target of 6.5 percent will be challenging for the China government.

83, Arvind Panagariya, who also heads the government's main economic advisory body, also said that the strength of the Indian rupee against many currencies had contributed to the weak export performance of Asia's third-largest economy.
84, "Economic conditions in India remain lacklustre despite several government measures to boost investments in the economy," said Standard & Poor's credit analyst Mehul Sukkawala. In a report, 'Revival In Domestic Demand Can Reduce Downside Risk For Indian Companies In 2016', S&P said the first 6-9 months will be crucial for rated companies. 
85, As part of that strategy, the deficit target for the year to March 31 was set at 3.9 percent of GDP, and for 2016/17 to 3.5 percent.
86, Panagariya also said in an interview that the RBI's main policy rate should be 50 basis points lower than it is now.
87, Harishankar Subramaniam, National Leader, Indirect Tax, EY says that retailers will benefit fundamentally from the GST as VAT, CST and excise duty on locally manufactured goods will be available as credits.
88, Traditional insurance policies offer lower coverage as compared to term insurance for the same amount of premium. At the same time traditional insurance policies offer lower rate of returns as compared to other options.
89, Ravi Shenoy of Motilal Oswal Securities is of the view that Pidilite Industries looks attractive with a target of Rs 800.
90, Under GST, any local body tax or state tax will be available as a credit which will reduce overall costs and eliminate any dual levies of service tax and VAT on transactions. However, media companies will have to pay additional local body tax over and above the one proposed in GST.
91, On subsidies, the ministry said the government came out with the direct benefit transfer for LPG called Pahal and digitisation of ration cards has been completed in 29 states and UTs. 
92, "It has been our effort in India to gradually transform and change most of our taxation laws, put to rest various disputes and issues which have been pending and make sure that the scope of discretions is eliminated and there is a greater degree of stability and predictability as far as taxation laws are concerned," Jaitley said.
93, According to the global financial services major, the structural drivers of growth are likely to benefit from reforms but external headwinds remain strong. 
94, Confident of utilising the headroom available to the Indian economy, Finance Minister Arun Jaitley today said it needs some additional growth engines and the focus now is on reviving private investments.
95, The proposal has been mooted by Road Transport and Highways Ministry to Ministry of Finance against the backdrop of less number of state transport buses and 'hue and cry' over old polluting vehicles which have to be phased out. 
96, Under GST, the export freight services, which are at present exempted and the goods used for repair and maintenance along with capex, all will be available as credit under GST.
97, Pre-Shipment Inspection Certification (PSIC) is one such area where the trade body wants the government to streamline pre-shipment inspection procedures, MRAI President Sanjay Mehta said. 
98, Increasingly, MSMEs’ inability to access non-fund based finance is rendering them uncompetitive against both large and foreign suppliers even for projects in India.
99, "At the same time there are a whole set of new businesses coming in that we have to find ways to deal with. For example, online lending. How do we do with what happens in a downturn?" Rajan said.
100, "Falling crude oil price provide us a headroom for increasing excise duty on petrol and diesel. It will help in meeting fiscal deficit target of 3.9 percent for the current fiscal," said an official source. 
101, In an interview with CNBC-TV18’s Menaka Doshi, Jigar Doshi of SKP Consulting said research and development cess will continue to remain as a cost since it is not subdued under GST.
102, Escorts is now pinning its hopes on a good monsoon this year and an agriculture- friendly Budget.
103, Age old demands like infrastructure status, easier credit and fewer regulations still top the wish-list of developer’s. However, MCHI-CREDAI hope that Arun Jaitley will be generous this year.
104, Ajay Argal of Baring Asset Management (Asia) and Anu Jain of IIFL Private Wealth Management talk about benefits of investing in Indian equity markets. 
105, Keen to create the best ecosystem for start-ups, the government is likely to come up with more incentives for budding entrepreneurs in the upcoming Budget on the lines of Singapore.
106, The Finance Ministry is considering infusing more than the announced Rs 70,000 crore in public sector banks to help strengthen their balancesheets.
107, The upcoming Budget, which will be presented on February 29, will see Finance Minister Arun Jaitley trying to balance pressures from the Pay Commission report, and his promise to lower corporate tax and raise capex
108, As insurance companies ramp up scrutiny of false insurance claims, the insurance buyers need to be agile. The genuine claimants should take these precautions while claiming insurance benefits.
109, "The Shome Committee report has given several recommendations which we are at a very advanced stage of looking into. It has suggested certain reforms in tax administration," he said addressing the Platinum Jubilee celebrations of Income Tax Appellate Tribunal here. 
110, Excited by the Rs 350 crore offer, villagers gave their consent. But a year ago, came the big blow when GIDC decided to not buy the land.
111, The US-based rating agency expects the current account deficit (CAD), which is the difference between inflow and outflow of foreign exchange, to remain at a modest level of 1.4 per cent at the end of current fiscal and would continue at similar level till 2018.
112, According to the report, there have been some positive changes in momentum in certain segments within the economy, but some areas of concern remain.
113, According to a report by the financial services major, risks are that the FY2016-17 target is adjusted higher to 3.7 percent of GDP (as against the roadmap of 3.5 percent). 
114, Vaibhav Sanghavi, MD of Ambit Investment Advisory expects more outflows from emerging markets, going ahead
115, In the second part of CNBC-TV18's Budget Caravan series, Farah Bookwala Vhora travels to one such village and is astonished by its transformation and that of its people.
116, "Notwithstanding the benign retail and wholesale price forecast for 2016-17, Ind-Ra believes the inflationary challenge is far from over as food prices have more than often triggered surprises," the agency's Chief Economist Devendra Pant said in a statement.
117, "India Investment Summit organised by Finmin will be held in New Delhi on February 4-5. Global long-term investors will participate," Economic Affairs Secretary Shaktikanta Das tweeted today. 
118, "The Budget on February 29 should show how this extra space will be shared between monetary and fiscal policies," the report noted. The RBI will also be closely watching the Budget fine print, it said, adding its effect on inflation and financial stability will be closely watch
119, The JV companies will have 51 percent stake of the respective state governments and 49 percent stake of the railways. 
120, The government introduced the Real Estate Investment Trusts (REITs) aimed at attracting funds in a transparent manner into the real estate sector. 
121, India has immense potential as an insurance market. But it needs some serious support from the government if that potential is to be achieved, starting with more tax incentives for buying personal insurance policies. That's the crux of the insurance sector's wish list for Budget 2016.
122, The bulls are struggling to breathe. And this has the capital markets hoping the Finance Minister's Budget will provide the push needed to re-start the bull run. 
123, In the third part of Budget Caravan series, CNBC-TV18's Farah Bookwala Vhora finds out the challenges faced by Sanand workforce.

124, Talking about the meeting of stakeholders involved in the national highways programme, the Finance Minister said that the government, the financial sector, financial services and the contractors who execute projects are all putting their heads together on how to expedite the matter. 
125, The government had cut customs duty on crude oil imports to zero from 5 percent in June 2011 when rates zoomed to over USD 100 per barrel. But with oil prices hovering at USD 30 a barrel now, the duty may be back, official sources said. 
126, According to the global financial services major, the Reserve Bank of India is expected to maintain an accommodative stance.According to the global financial services major, the Reserve Bank of India is expected to maintain an accommodative stance.
127, The government had budgeted to collect Rs 69,500 crore through PSU disinvestment in current fiscal. But volatile market conditions have forced it to delay stake sale plans. 
128, To boost waning exports, the Commerce Ministry has suggested that exporters be exempted from payment of service tax in the upcoming Budget. 
129, Korean carmaker Hyundai raced ahead of competition in 2015, growing at a rate of 15 percent and now the company is focusing on consolidating its volumes. The company is trying to achieve the milestone of half million annual sales and a growth target of 6-7 percent in 2016.
130, Half the 30 economists surveyed also said the most pressing priority for Jaitley's third Budget was to invest in infrastructure - endorsing the pro-growth course he set a year ago.
131, According to the global financial services major, a rate reduction is likely as inflation may be in line with RBI's January 2016 under-6 percent target.
132, The government may announce setting-up of a Disinvestment Commission in Budget 2016 to advise on stake sale of loss-making units
133, In value terms, the April-December fiscal deficit stood at Rs 4.88 lakh crore, or 88 percent, of 2015-16 Budget estimates (BE). This is an improvement over the year-ago period as the deficit then stood at 100.2 percent of the 2014-15 BE.
134, CNBC-TV18's Farah Bookwala Vhora travels to the automotive and industrial hub of Sanand in Gujarat to understand economic and social manifestations in this region.
135, Jaitley reiterated a reassurances that India would not pursue foreign companies with new retroactive tax claims, adding that he would like to see the few remaining disputes resolved "as expeditiously as possible."
136, "The Indian normal has to be in the 8 or 9 percent category," Jaitley said in an interview at the Economic Times Global Business Summit. "It is only at that pace that you can get rid of poverty."
137, Speaking on the sidelines of the Economic Times Global Business Summit, Sinha said that a favourable rainy season could add between 0.5 and 1 percentage point to growth in Asia's third-largest economy.
138, The Cabinet Committee on
Parliamentary Affairs headed by Home Minister Rajnath Singh
will meet on February 4 to finalise the dates for the Budget
session during which the government is keen to pass the GST
Bill.
139, Pledging to continue structural reforms to accelerate growth, Finance Minister Arun Jaitley today said India has the potential to grow at 8-9 per cent,
and only a higher growth rate can end poverty.
140, "Although we expect the administration to pursue its stated fiscal consolidation programme, we foresee that planned revenues may not fully materialise and subsidy cuts may be delayed," S&P Ratings Services India Sovereign Analyst Kyran Curry told PTI. 
141, According to a Citi report, RBI is likely to keep key policy rates unchanged until the budget and go for a 0.25 percent easing in March or April this year. 
142, A senior Congress leader, who declined to be identified, said talks with other "like-minded" parties was almost a certainty ahead of the session. The government is set to take a decision this week on the schedule of the session, which is likely to begin on February 23. 
143, After its mega disinvestment plan appears to have come a cropper in fiscal year 2015-16, the government is expected to set out a more realistic target of Rs 40,000 crore in fiscal year 2017, sources have told CNBC-TV18.
144, Indian manufacturing sector growth
rose to a four-month high in January driven by rising inflows
of new business orders from domestic as well as export
clients, says a Nikkei survey.
145, The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) is
expected to keep the interest rate unchanged in its sixth
bi-monthly policy review meet tomorrow, Singapore�s leading
bank DBS said today.
146, However, some experts also feel that there is a case for front-loading of interest rate cut to give a push to the economy. Budget 2016-17 will be announced by Finance Minister Arun Jaitley on February 29. 
147, Gross Budgetary Support (GBS) of Rs 40,000 crore was announced in the 2015-16 Rail Budget. However, the Finance Ministry slashed it to Rs 28,000 crore, a decrease of Rs 12,000 crore in November last year citing low spending by Railways in the first six months of the current fiscal.
148, The Directorate General of Human Resource Development (DGHRD) has been directed to "initiate the exercise of formulating a proposal" for administrative restructuring of the formations under CBEC in the "ensuing GST regime", the CBEC said in a communication to its top officials
149, Jaitley is staring at a big revenue shortfall as India again misses an unrealistic target for raising cash from selling off state assets, while sliding commodity prices and exports have dented revenues.
150, Future Group's next-generation head Ashni Biyani says all eyes are on how the government intends to improve liquidity in the market. 
151, CNBC-TV18's Anshu Sharma And Surabhi Upadhyay detail the sector's budget wishlist.

152, The meeting will be held before the Cabinet Committee on Parliamentary Affairs, headed by Home Minister Rajnath Singh, meets to finalise a broad schedule of the session which is likely to begin on February 23.
153, Having cut the policy repo rate by 125 basis points in 2015, RBI Governor Raghuram Rajan warned on Friday against straying from the path of fiscal consolidation or relaxing the fight against inflation.
154, In particular, he said, the central bank would look for steps on investments, training, and skill development that could help lower pace of inflation.
155, The 6th Bimonthly Monetary Policy Statement, 2015-16, announced by RBI Governor Raghuram Rajan has pegged the growth to quicken to 7.6 percent in the next fiscal.
156, In its final monetary policy for current fiscal, RBI today left the key policy rate unchanged but indicated at accommodative stance saying with "inflation moving closer to the target" there would be more room for rate cut to support growth.
157, Dispelling doubts over the fate of the scheme floated by the previous Congress-led government, he said that while in previous years there has always been lower spending as compared to the Budgeted amount, this fiscal the government has not cut Plan Expenditure as it wants to boost growth. 
158, India has been growing by 7-7.5 percent, and for the country to accelerate, all sectors have to contribute, he said at the MGNREGA Sammelan-2016 here. 
159, RBI today left the key policy rate unchanged but indicated at accommodative stance saying with "inflation moving closer to the target" there would be more room for rate cut to support growth. 
160, "After calling NREGA 'living monument of INC failure' Govt now hails it as cause of 'nat pride & celebration' !Shining eg of Modiji's pol wisdom", the Congress Vice President said in a tweet.
161, An inter-ministerial committee headed by the Department of Industrial Policy and Promotion (DIPP) Secretary would soon finalise the report and submit to the Prime Minister's Office for necessary action, according to an official.
162, It offers insurance buyers wide options that help them zero on cheaper solutions in a stress free environment. 
163, The central bank today left the key policy rate unchanged but indicated at accommodative stance, saying with inflation moving closer to the target there would be more room for rate cut to support growth. 

164, Uday Kotak, Vice-Chairman and MD of Kotak Mahindra Bank says the key would be the banking sector, adding, "the government will be making capital commitment for the public sector banks".
165, Vinod Dasari, President of Society of Indian Automobile Manufacturers (SIAM) and MD of Ashok Leyland, expects to see a good turnout of 7 lakh visitors at the Auto Expo starting on Wednesday.
166, As NREGA completes 10 years, a longer lifespan than most rural development schemes, Nikhil Dey, Co-Convenor, National Campaign for People's Right to Information (NCPRI) answers some of the key questions related to it.
167, Kim Ki-Wan, MD, LG India, says the industry environment needs simpler tax regime and the government should cut tax rates and weed out unnecessary litigation. 
168, S Ramadorai, Chairman of National Skills Development Council (NSDC) says it is necessary to ensure that only certified people are hired.
169, On volatile commodity prices, Agrawal says crude prices have to stabilise first for other commodities as well to settle down.
170, "As committed, banks will get fund infusion in the fourth quarter. Banks will get about Rs 5,000 crore," Financial Services Secretary Ajuly Chib Duggal said on the sidelines of an event here. 
171, Jaitley said that India is "relatively unimpacted" by some of the factors that have caused the global crisis.
172, "It is in the interest of the government to exempt tax because with more people buying inverter and 5 star ACs, power requirement will go down and so will pollution," Blue Star Executive Director B Thiagarajan told reporters here. 
173, On what the government hopes to achieve through the India investment summit and the National Investment & Infrastructure Fund (NIIF), Jayant Sinha, minister of state for finance said, it aims to attract the biggest global pension and sovereign wealth funds.
174, Union Finance Minister Arun Jaitley is likely to present the Budget on February 29, while the Rail Budget will be presented on February 25. The Economic Survey will be tabled on February 26.
175, GST, which will subsume all indirect taxes such as excise duty, service tax and sales tax into one uniform rate, is stalled in the Rajya Sabha as the Congress is pressing for three changes.

176, The minister also appealed to the opposition parties, especially Congress, to let the Parliament approve these legislations as they were in the larger interest of the country.
177, While roll out of GST may still take some time, the telecom industry is expecting solutions to some of its key tax concerns in the upcoming Budget
178, The NDA Government appears to be very keen on setting this story right which is evident from the efforts being made by the oil ministry towards stakeholder participation in policy formulation. 
179, Under the direct tax regime, one-tenth of the expenditure on prospecting, extraction and production of mineral during 5 years ending with the first year of commercial production is allowed as a deduction from total income. 
180, We expect the fiscal incentives provided to the sector to continue to achieve the ambitious RE targets of 175 Gw by 2022. 
181, "The stock broking fraternity, once given industry status, would ensure access to bank funding, which would ensure that they are able to expand their business in more cities," BSE brokers forum said in its pre-Budget memorandum. 
182, In a bid to boost movement for goods and passengers via waterways, the Cabinet last year approved plans for enactment of a legislation for converting 111 river stretches across the country into National Waterways. 
183, The economic survey will be tabled on the February 25 followed by Railway Minister, Suresh Prabhu laying out the railway budget on February 26.
184, Given the tough task  of maintaining fiscal prudence and propelling economic growth, this year the budget may turn out to be more reformist and less populist. 
185, Promoters pledge their own stake in the company to raise money. It connotes a lot to smart investors. One should check the promoter pledge among other factors before initiating a trade in a stock.
186, Speaking to CNBC-TV18, Dilip Bhat, Joint MD of the Prabhudas Liladhar says that aviation sector is a good hiding place for next two to three years. 
187, Doubts about the accuracy of India's gross domestic product figures persist a year after its statisticians unveiled new readings they say better capture value addition down the goods and services supply chain.
188, Following are the excerpts of a live chat on Moneycontrol-SME with Mr. Anil Bhardwaj, Secretary General, FISME 
189, "Growth may have ticked higher in third quarter by 7.6 percent. The growth is likely to get support from a favourable base effect, as GDP in third quarter of last fiscal grew by 6.6 percent," Ind-Ra Chief Economist Devendra Pant said.
190, Speaking at the India Investment Summit here, he said though India faces some headwinds from global slowdown, the country "continues to be heaven of macro stability".
191, On the second-day of an investment summit with sovereign wealth funds, private equity and pension funds, Minister of State for Finance Jayant Sinha showcased brownfield as well as greenfield projects in sectors including highways, railways and energy.
192, While it is expected that the service tax rates could be increased to bridge the gap with the tax rates under the proposed GST regime, the FMCG sector is hoping that the Budget does not contribute to higher tax rates and keep the service tax rates at the present rate of 14 percent.

193, The minister, according to sources, may also discuss the preparatory work for roll out of the Goods and Services Tax (GST), though currently the Constitution Amendment Bill for GST is stuck in Rajya Sabha.
194, During the meeting the state Finance Ministers are likely to pitch for more funds, flexibility to spend money under centrally sponsored schemes and greater transparency and non discretionary allocation of funds. 
195, Sources say this 1 percent corporate tax cut may cost the exchequer Rs 6,000-7,000 crore
196, Addressing the Consultative Committee attached to the Finance Ministry, Arun Jaitley also said that India has potential to grow at a much faster pace even as he exuded confidence that fiscal deficit target for current financial year will be within target
197, The NHAI is involved in 112 legal disputes with infrastructure companies — valued at over Rs 25,000 crore and unless these legal disputes are settled or disposed off, NHAI's target of laying o30 kilometres per day in FY16 will be in jeopardy
198, Home-grown phone maker Micromax's co-founder Rajesh Agarwal says they are optimistic on the government's Make in India and Digital India initiatives and expect the upcoming Budget to provide additional push. 
199, Experts are divided on how the Finance Minister should proceed. Reserve Bank governor Raghuram Rajan, for instance, maintains that fiscal consolidation should be the government's priority.
200, "We would urge upon the the Union Government to fully compensate the state for the CST loss through adequate provision in the Union Budget 2016-17," Pradip Kumar Amat, Finance Minister of Odisha said during the meeting. 
201, 
According to the global financial services major, the government's fiscal deficit target of 3.9 percent in FY16, was broadly incorporated on realistic revenue and expenditure growth assumptions, which made the fiscal arithmetic credible.
202, Cairn India Managing Director and CEO Mayank Ashar said the government should convert the Rs 4,500 per ton Oil Industry Development Cess, which takes away a third of the current oil price of about USD 30 per barrel, into ad valorem. 
203, Leather and leather goods sector is a focus area under the 'Make in India' initiative of the central government and the aim is to increase its exports to USD 15 billion by 2020 from the current USD 6 billion. 
204, The infrastructure major, which saw its bottomline surge 19 per cent to Rs 1,034.8 crore in the last quarter, has listed "indigenisation thrust for defence equipment", "interceptor boats, naval vessels and submarines for Indian Navy and Coastguard" and "artillery guns and other equipment for Indian Army" as investment opportunities.
205, Aiming to control animal diseases and boost milk output, the Agriculture Ministry has sought measures like a new scheme on animal health card, e-market platform for bovine germplasm and increase in allocation for Rashtriya Gokul Mission in Budget 2016.
206, Most of the inflows have been witnessed in the debt markets during the period under review.
207, The median estimate from a Reuters poll of economists put GDP annual growth at 7.3 percent in the quarter through December, just below 7.4 percent in July-September.
208, Real estate buyers need tax incentives to buy property this year. The incentives can come in the form of incentives associated with home loans and reduced taxation.
209, The rate at which the short term capital gains are taxed in equity mutual funds, is punitive to small investors in 10% tax slab.
210, Speaker P Dhanapal has convened the House on February 16 where the interim budget will be presented, Tamil Nadu Legislative Assembly Secretary AMP Jamaludeen said in a release here. Interim budget is being presented since the state goes to polls in about three months. 
211, Shantanu Dasgupta, Vice President-Corporate Affairs and Strategy-Asia South, Whirlpool says the company’s profit after tax (PAT) was aided by low material costs. 

212, Sudarshan Sukhani of s2analytics.com believes that irrespective of how the market moves in near term, Nifty is likely to drop to 6800-6900 level before finding real support.
213, The full year GDP forecast has been revised to 7.6 percent from 7.2 percent estimated earlier. The gross value added (GVA) for FY16 is seen at 7.3 percent, compared to 7.1 percent in the previous year.
214, The government is considering gradually doing away with tax exemptions to various sectors, including special economic zones (SEZs), and reducing the corporate tax to 25 percent from 30 percent over four years.
215, Since the last Budget, the Government has undertaken various steps on the tax and regulatory front in its endeavour to make the Indian tax regime predictable and non-adversarial.
216, The improvement expected in the agriculture and manufacturing sectors in the current fiscal is encouraging...we do hope to see a turnaround in near future said a statement from federation of Indian chambers of commerce and industry (Ficci)
217, A '265-page document' to facilitate the scrapping of old vehicles has secured Cabinet approval and is expected to be announced in the upcoming Budget
218, Sanjay Dutt, Director, Quantum Securities believes it is i the time to use investment strategies and not trading strategies and focus on individual stocks.
219, As part of a Budget special edition of what's ailing rural India, CNBC TV18's Archana Shukla travels to some of the villages in tribal, naxal affected parts of Chhattisgarh that are just about being connected and those still living in the dark ages.
220, It has also suggested extension of tax-break on pension products of life insurance companies on lines of that introduced by the Centre for additional investment of Rs 50,000 under National Pension System (NPS) last year. 
221, The challenge with real estate investment trusts (REITs) in India, at the moment, is that legislation, especially taxation, needs to be thought through a little more," says Sid Yog, founder of Xander group
222, 
At the same time, he underscored the importance of reforms. According to data of the Central Statistics Office (CSO), the economy is expected to grow at a 5-year high of 7.6 percent in the current fiscal. 
223, "With there being low production and capital utilisation in many sectors, we have to wonder the veracity of this (official economic) data. India was always known for having credible statistics prior to the arrival of Modi government.
224, The fundamentals in India are good, Rakesh Arora, MD and Head of Research at Macquarie Cap Securities says adding that same thought is echoed even by the foreign institutional investors (FIIs).
225, The Indian market has been caught in a global storm that has engulfed equities but seasoned analysts are advising that investors should stay the course and not jump out of stocks.
226, Equities have remained depressed on persistent global headwinds. Market benchmark Sensex today witnessed selling pressures and declined by over 230 points to 23,787.
227, Despite the ongoing market sell-off, domestic institutional investors are not seeing redemption pressures even as inflows have slowed down, says Sashi Krishnan, CIO of Birla Sun Life Insurance.
228, After two successive years of revising downward the tax revenue target, fiscal 2015-16 which ends on March 31 is likely to see tax revenue target of Rs 14.49 lakh crore being met.
229, Employment and consumption, especially to the sectors in a downtrend, are expected to get a boost. Retention of Section 24 at Rs 2 lakh, or even raising it to Rs 2.5 lakh is likely.
230, According to the Japanese brokerage firm, gross value added (GVA) growth has marginally undershot the RBI's 7.4 percent projection in the financial year 2015-16, supporting the case for a rate cut.
231, The Finance Minister will unveil the Budget for 2016-17 on February 29, which is widely expected to contain measures to boost economy as well as exports.
232, Rana Kapoor, MD & CEO of YES Bank expects that in Budget 2016 the finance minister Arun Jaitley will increase disposable incomes by relaxing personal income tax slabs to Rs 5 lakh from Rs 2.5 lakh as a one-time correction and thereafter as per inflation-linked indexation every three years.
233, Sridhar Sivaram, investment director at Enam Holdings believes it is time to protect capital, not even to bottom-fish, as domestic earnings are not improving while there are strong global headwinds.
234, CNBC-TV18 learns that the government is open to hiking rates and may use indirect tax to fund spending in FY17. 

235, The ministry also wants to know public opinion as to which sectors -- agriculture or industry or service -- should get priority in the Budget, to be unveiled by Finance Minister Arun Jaitley on February 29.
236, Home buyers are looking up to the Union Budget 2016 with a lot of expectations. Surabhi Arora captures some of the key demands.
237, Arvind Sanger of Geosphere Capital Management says the woes of the banking sector need to be dealt with comprehensively. According to him, the bankruptcy law is crucial for banks to recover
238, CNBC- TV18's Archana Shukla traveled to the heart of naxal-hit district of Bastar in Chhattisgarh to find what it is like to live there.
239, According to Shah, the market is now trading at the lower end of the fair value and investors should stay invested. 
240, Shaktikanta Das described growth by Asia's third-largest economy as "robust" and said it was driven by manufacturing.
241, There is still need to focus on increasing the ease of doing business and single window clearances all over India. It is still difficult to put up new plants in India, said Vivek Chaand Sehgal, Chairman, Motherson Sumi Group.
242, AIPAC committee, established by SEBI, has submitted report highlighting measures needed to unlock domestic capital pools like pension funds, charitable trusts, insurance companies and NABARD.
243, The government has ambitious plans for deployment of 175 GW renewable power capacities by 2022, including 100 GW of solar and 60 GW of wind, which may require investment of around USD 150 billion in the next seven years.
244, With the Budget-making process under way, government on Thursday extended the term of Finance Secretary Ratan Watal by two months till April 30.
245, "I would anticipate the Budget to provide credit as well as incentives to do R&D so we can sustain our leadership position," says Mindtree CEO Krishnakumar Natarajan 
246, "Your views matter!! Which scheme needs more focus in Budget2016? We invite your suggestions. Please vote Swachh Bharat/Make in India/Skill India/Digital India," a Finance Ministry tweet said.
247, Insurance products are surrounded by service tax and income tax, which should not be the case. 
248, The budget session of the Goa Legislative Assembly is scheduled from March 14-18, while the budget is likely to be presented on March 16.
249, Fiscal deficit target for FY16 set at 3.9 per cent of GDP and Revenue Deficit at 2.8 per cent of GDP.
250, In an interview with CNBC-TV18, Kaku Nakhate discussed her expectations for the Union Budget said that the markets are going through a cycle where demand is there but it will take time for capacities to catch up.
251, "India in particular has been in a bear market grip for the last one year atleast. Market has flattened out, in dollar terms it is down significantly and this qualifies as a bear market without a doubt," says Shankar Sharma of First Global
252, The budget, presented by Chief Minister Oommen Chandy, spared the common man of any additional tax burden, gave thrust to infrastructure development, boost to agricultural and social sectors, besides setting apart Rs 200 crore as subsidy to students who have availed educational loans, but are unable to repay.
253, "As per the budget estimates, we are going to spend Rs 7,618 crore in the next year on medical benefit and Rs 1,184 crore on cash benefit for the workers and the family members covered under the ESI scheme," Dattatreya, the Union Minister of State for Labour and Employment, said.
254, These schemes are treated as debt funds for the purpose of tax treatment, which makes them unattractive.
255, The fiscal consolidation roadmap laid out by Jaitley had estimated fiscal deficit to come down to 3.9 percent in current fiscal and further to 3.5 percent next fiscal. It was 4 percent last fiscal.
256, Insurance buyers must be offered incentives to buy health insurance by giving tax breaks.
257, According to the Chief Minister, structures built on one's own property or on others' property with proper ownership no-objection certificate (NOC) would be considered.


258, CNBC TV18's Archana Shukla finds out that the ghosts of land acquisition policy are still haunting the industrialisation milieu in the tribal, Naxal-hit districts in Bastar.
259, Gamesa India Chairman Ramesh Kymal emphasized on the need for equality between energy sectors, to hit that target announced. 
260, Pointing out that Railways had suffered since many decades due to 'neglect' and 'dearth of investments', he said efforts now were to bring in more investments to rectify this.

261, The Reserve Bank of India is
expected to cut key interest rates by 25 bps at its policy
review meet on April 5, a Bank of America Merrill Lynch
(BofA-ML) report says.
262, The interesting thing is that the panic is confined largely to the financial markets. Ordinary depositors don't seem worried and there's no sign of a run on banks anywhere.
263, Besides, the Society of Indian Automobile Manufacturers (SIAM) has also asked Finance Minister Arun Jaitley for an incentive scheme for scrapping of old vehicles in the Budget.
264, Dhirendra Tiwari of Antique Stock Broking believes eventually investment recovery will come through, though it has been delayed. Keeping that in mind, investors need to find stocks that will benefit from investment cycle recovery over the next two years
265, According to Ajay Srivastava, CEO, Dimensions Consulting, a key concern for the market is the lack of leadership. He says many midcaps are doing much better operationally, compared to the large caps, which are floundering at the moment.
266, If the finance minister chooses to offer tax incentives, they can nudge the individual investors to save more in the asset classes that  support economic growth and development in long term.
267, Strengthening NPL recovery teams/processes, rebalancing its loan mix by increasing share of better rated corporate loans as well as retail loans, and scaling-up its digital platform are few initiatives it is taking to spearhead its growth forward.
268, With the Budget for FY 2016-17 round the corner, the  industry is certainly curious to discern as to whether their wish list and expectation from the budget would be fulfilled or not.
269, There should be separate tax benefit available for premium paid for a life insurance policy. Also the tax benefits associated with life insurance should be based on policy term and not sum assured.
270, Ian Hui of JP Morgan AMC prefers developed markets over emerging markets. While Russia and Turkey look attractive in the emerging markets (EMs) space, India has moved lower in our favored EMs due to policy deadlock,
271, "Manufacturing is actually picking up. The last quarter figure showed that the country's GDP growth will be over 7 percent. It also revealed that manufacturing is growing over 9 percent. Actually, the perception is going around in the circle without looking at the figures," she told reporters during the Make in India Week here today.
272, Union Budget 2016 can offer various tax incentives to mutual funds in order to expand financial inclusion programme.
273, According to the rating agency, government's policy interventions across the sub-sectors aim to resolve several teething problems but the results of the same are likely to be harvested over the intermediate term.
274, According to the Japanese financial services firm, the industrial production data suggests that growth momentum, including investment demand, slowed at end-2015, while industrial recovery is expected to be gradual due to external headwinds and weak private sector investment.
275, Railway Minister Suresh Prabhu, gearing up to present his second Rail Budget on February 25, will unveil a plan to cut expenses and at the same time increase non-tariff revenue substantially to wade through the difficult phase in the public behemoth.
276, Citizens have also raised concerns over bribes taken by TTEs and misuse of emergency quota and sought it to be addressed in the survey called "Make Railways Better" conducted by LocalCircle.
277, Besides, it has also asked for the government support to achieve USD 200 billion turnover as outlined in the Automotive Mission Plan 2026. 
278, Union Budget 2016 should introduce some measures that should offset the deductions which will be withdrawn. 
279, Dinesh Kanabar, CEO of Dhruva Advisors told CNBC-TV18 that he projects the fiscal deficit to stand at 3.9 percent as the Finance Ministry is yet to cover 40 percent of the budget and the chances of that happening in just one installment of advance tax seem to be bleak.
280, The big demand from Budget 2016 is simple: spend more on healthcare. One suggestion to this end is that the government should take a leaf out of the Singapore government's book and create a universal healthcare insurance scheme.
281, "This (portal) has its own advantages and it will reduce a lot of manual work now," Jaitley said while inaugurating the Non-Tax Receipt Portal (NTRP) which was developed by the Controller General of Accounts (CGA).
282, The government has ambitious plans for deployment of 175 GW renewable power capacities by 2022, including 100 GW of solar.
283, The government is worried that Key bills like GST will be stuck amid Opposition's protests.
284, Dipen Sheth, head of institutional research at HDFC Securities says there is a storm brewing outside as well as inside India and this year is going to be volatile. Times are tough and the temptation to take few liberties on fiscal targets is high, but it would not be a good option, he adds.
285, A Citi Research report says that the government can achieve FY17 fiscal target without compromising on public expenditure.
286, But considering the fact that the government expects full-year GDP (FY16) to grow at 7.6 percent, making India the fastest-growing economy in the world, surely there is no need to deviate from the fiscal target
287, The MSME Ministry has formed a one-man committee under the chairmanship of former Cabinet secretary Prabhat Kumar to draft a comprehensive policy for MSMEs. The committee is likely to submit its report by June.
288, Following the meeting, Union Minister Venkaiah Naidu told mediapersons that all the parties agreed that Parliament must be allowed to function during the Budget Session.
289, The Finance Ministry is looking into the proposal, sources said adding it may be announced in the forthcoming Budget 2016-17.
290, The Big Tax Reset – Ep 1
291, Speaking to CNCB-TV18, Nipun Mehta of Blue Ocean Capital Advisors says various concerns over oil, interest rates, lack of economic growth and stressed asset situation will continue to weigh on the market.
292, Developers say that more clarity on policy parameters like taxation before jumping on board.
293, Rural recovery needs construction activity uptick and more so property sector revival, which does not appear likely in CY16, says CLSA
294, Reflecting improvement in government finances, fiscal deficit - the gap between expenditure and revenue - in the nine months of 2015-16 worked out to 88 percent of the annual target as against 100.2 percent in the same period last fiscal, according to official figures.
295, Nilesh Shah says it would be a bad idea if the government brings back long term capital gains tax on equity investments. He says such a move would hurt sentiment as it would be seen as favouring foreign institutional investors who are exempt from capital gains tax.
296, Deven Choksey, KRChoksey Investment Managers, says the retail sector is muted and not seeing any sell-off.

297, Hero Future Energies' MD & CEO shares their Budget expectations from Modi government on areas like Policy, Energy Storage, Renewable Hybrids, Tax etc
298, As far as corporate earnings go, India is growing faster on a relative basis, though earnings recovery that the market has been looking for since the last year is yet to come through, says Ridham Desai, head of India equity research and India equity strategist, Morgan Stanley
299, According to the global financial services firm, inflation and growth worries for the Indian economy still persist and implementation of the Seventh Pay Commission recommendations is likely to exert pressure on fiscal finances of the government -- both the Centre and states.
300, We expect increased push in the budget towards creating a universal healthcare ecosystem built on facilitating healthcare financing, instead of investing on its own 
healthcare facilities.
301, VD Mhaiskar, CMD of IRB Infrastructure Developers says that while fairly good number of projects are being bid-out the deals are largely on engineering procurement construction (EPC) or hybrid models, there is not much movement on build-operate-transfer (BOT) deals as the balance sheets of many developers remains stressed.
302, Prime Minister Narendra Modi's government in August pledged to put in 700 billion rupees (USD 10.2 billion) into state-run banks through four years to March 2019 as part of a broader banking reforms programme. It had then said the lenders would raise another 1.1 trillion rupees from the financial markets.
303, Ministry of Law and Justice has already vetted the legislation, which aims to regulate the employment and other conditions of service of employees in small factories.
304, "The focus of the Budget should be on tax rationalization and simplification. The focus should be on promoting growth, employment and in terms of giving some sort of level playing field to domestic manufacturers so that the Make In India can happen," Revenue Secretary Hasmukh Adhia said.
305, Market experts suggest the short-term trend seems to be cheerful as against the medium-term trend.
306, One may be a participant belonging to any industry but eventually we are all stake holders in the same economy. If the Indian economy grows faster there will be multiple tailwinds to every sector.
307, Enhancing capital spending while maintaining Fiscal Discipline to be watched for in Union Budget 2016-17 
308, "With this Budget, we expect announcements which may foster a better business environment and increase the ease of doing business in India. IT industry in the country has been facing several challenges due to lack of clarity in transfer pricing norms.
309, Union Budget 2016 should introduce changes in direct tax, indirect tax to ensure that all stakeholder benefit. Also some tax rules should be amended to improve business functioning.
310, Standard Chartered in a report titled ‘India- all eyes on Budget’ says that "if the government adheres to its original plan, adopting alternative policies could mitigate growth headwinds, in our view.” 
311, While the government has worked to electrify villages in Bihar, there still is a long way to go in order to improve lives of the people in the state.
312, "Our request to the government is with regard to making NPS a Triple E product," Contractor said on his expectations from the Union Budget to be presented by Finance Minister Arun Jaitley on February 29.
313, In its pre-Budget recommendations to Finance Minister Arun Jaitley, Federation of Indian Export Organisations (FIEO) has also asked for creation of an Export Development Fund in order to support MSME exporters.
314, Despite the current global volatility and the resultant India impact, Vikas Khemani of Edelweiss Securities has not seen any domestic redemptions. Though he says there is a slowdown in domestic inflows
315, Under the Union Agriculture Ministry, there are three departments -- Department of Agriculture and Cooperation (DAC), Department of Animal Husbandry, Dairying and Fisheries and Department of Agricultural Research and Education.
316, Nandan Chakraborty of Axis Capital says if the global scenario does not improve, there is nothing the government can do to improve the situation considering the top 10 Nifty stocks are highly exposed to international markets
317, The firm, however, warned the generally robust economic environment is constrained by "banks' balance sheet repair and elevated corporate debt" and corporate pricing power being limited by the impact on food price inflation and households budgets of two consecutive droughts."
318, Federation of Indian Chambers of Commerce and Industry (FICCI) report 'Pre-Budget Memorandum 2016-17' highlights importance of clarity in tax laws and other significant implementations needed to boost trade and economy. 
319, Budget 2016 is crucial for the Education & Training sector, according to a statement issued by NIIT CEO Rahul K Patwardhan.
320, Bhattacharya is expecting more capital from the government for public sector banks in the upcoming Budget. She says SBI will look at divesting non-core assets and paring stake in subsidiaries next yea
321, The Union Budget 2016 is being awaited with a lot of expectations both in India and internationally with major institutions calling India to be the next biggest growth engine. With the GDP growth projections on the rise and all eyes on India, it is very crucial that the government focuses on the key issues that will strengthen the Indian economy.
322, This is unlikely to be repeated, particularly since tax revenue from the oil sector is now fairly static to oil price changes due to the specific nature of the taxes. Deflation also derailed the disinvestment program, as most PSUs shorlisted were from the commodity and infra sectors, affected by deflation.

323, The FM's priority in the 2016-17 Budget will be higher growth, with fiscal
rectitude, we believe. With the private sector capex yet to pick up, he
will Budget for higher plan capital expenditure (investments), in addition
to the higher spends on OROP and CPC, which need to be factored in.
324, Three Cs - continuation (progress on banks, capex and key bills), countryside revival (rural stimulus) and consolidation (details on the fiscal path from here) - are key expectations, Pranjul Bhandari said. 
325, Motilal Oswal believes this deflationary trend is likely to continue in FY17 as well, thus impacting tax revenues once again
326, Among many expectations from finance minister, payments from insurance policies should be free of tax. Union Budget 2015 should extend more support to insurance sector in the form of enhanced tax incentives.
327, Besides, the hospital chains said that in order to make healthcare affordable and accessible to all, the government should work with private third party insurance players to reduce out of pocket spending by citizens.
328, Finance Minister Arun Jaitley will present the Budget 2016-17 on February 29 outlining the deficit projection for the fiscal. In the last budget, he had delayed the consolidation roadmap by a year for bringing down the deficit to 3.5 percent in 2016-17 and to 3 percent in 2017-18.
329, The minister said consultations with all stakeholders are in progress, confident that the policy will be released during the upcoming Budget session of Parliament.
330, “The need of the hour is to recognise the stressed and needy sectors such as agriculture, banking, commodity manufacturing and infrastructure, etc.,” says Sachin Menon, Partner and Head - Indirect Tax, COO - Tax at KPMG. 
331, Key pre-budget expectations for the manufacturing sector from  Anil V. Pillai, Director, Terragni Consulting for SMEs & MSMEs
332, The realty sector is just emerging from a prolonged and painful slowdown, and is looking for all and any signs of light at the end of the tunnel. 
333, Currently, railways mainly carries commodities such as coal, iron ore, steel, cement, minerals, fertilisers and food grains.
334, The government has undertaken multiple initiatives to drive digital cash usage within the economy. Upcoming Union Budget 2016 should spell out some incentives for digital cash.
335, Government has announcement many intitiatives for affordable housing sector so far. However it requires funding in the form of equity and debt capital. Union Budget 2016 can incentivise investments in affordable housing. 
336, Be it the rate at which the short term capital gain is taxed, or the differential treatment a debt security and a debt mutual fund gets, such anomalies should be removed by Union Budget 2016, says Union KBC MF.
337, The government has expressed hope that the GST Bill, which is held up in the Rajya Sabha, will be passed in the upcoming Budget session of Parliament.
338, It's been a decade since the Mahatma Gandhi National Rural Employment Guarantee Act, or MNREGA, came into force. Budget 2016 is also widely expected to provide a further boost to such social welfare schemes. 
339, Brian Jacobsen of Well Fargo Asset Management says that some improvement is needed in fiscal deficit numbers and says it should be close to 2-3 percent instead of 3.7 percent currently. 
340, The industry has demanded reduction of duties on imports of machineries used in processing of tea and coffee.
341, "To begin with, one percent cut in the corporate tax rate, gradual phasing out of accelerated tax depreciation and a sunset clause for the tax deductions, coupled with reduction in MAT, will set the tone for this year's Budget," KPMG (India) Partner Tax Vikas Vasal said.
342, The tax department published a draft proposal on this in November 2015. A concrete roadmap, with a defined timeline, will be announced in the 29 February 2016 Budget speech. Such a reform is necessary as the current tax framework is complicated.
343, Abhijit Roy, MD and CEO of Berger Paints, says the company's high-end products have done better than economic segment in Q3.

344, Manishi Raychaudhuri of BNP Paribas says economists were initially of the view that the US Federal Reserve will raise rates thrice in 2016, but now they feel that it may not raise rates even once in 2016 and 2017
345, Amit Rathi, MD at AnandRathi Financial Services says market will look for credible action plan on bank recapitalisation and spending on infrastructure in the Budget. 
346, Speaking in the same discussion, Rajat Bahl, Director, Ratings, CRISIL says the RBI's move to force banks to recognise bad assets may look like a knee-jerk reaction. But the regulator may not have been left with a choice after other measures like strategic debt restructuring and 5:25 schemes did not yield the desired results.
347, Common man has high expectations from the union government. Union Budget 2016 should offer some solace to the common man. 
348, Underweight on India, the global brokerage firm today said in a report that despite the recent sell-off in Indian equities, there remains a mismatch between expectations and reality which has not been "fully priced in".
349, According to the Japanese financial services major, the government is likely to meet its fiscal deficit target of 3.9 percent of GDP in the current financial year, but in 2016-17 it might slip to 3.7 percent as against an earlier target of 3.5 percent.
350, Watch accompanying videos of market experts' expectations from Budget 2016.
351, The proposal has been made by the Mines Ministry to the Finance Ministry and is likely to be included in the Budget, which will be presented on February 29, a top source said.
352, Watch accompanying videos of corporate India's expectations from Budget 2016.
353, Positive changes in retrospective taxation of indirect transfer of shares should be continued in Union Budget 2016
354, To cut down wasteful expenditure, Mohandas Pai suggested kerosene subsidy should be brought under direct benefit scheme similar to the one introduced for LPG and pushed for introducing reforms in the fertiliser sector, enhanced infrastructure spending and more allocation to health, education, irrigation and farmers' welfare.
355, As part of the ritual, which has continued for long, 'halwa' is prepared in a big 'kadhai' (large frying pot) and served to the entire staff in the ministry.
356, Equities as an asset class have emerged as a preferred asset class for retail investors. However, there has been no sustainable policy in the past to promote and sustain the equity cult.
357, Watch accompanying videos of small and medium enterprises' expectations from Budget 2016.
358, Overall, this Budget will be a tightrope walk as per Nomura’s analysis.
359, One of the most awaited events of the year, Union Budget 2016-17 is expected to metamorphose the country’s real estate landscape from its current recessive state to a progressive sector.
360, Union Budget 2016 should offer more tax incentives for home loans, mutual funds and NPS
361, Service tax on health insurance should be removed and tax exemption on health insurance should be hiked.
362, While the WPI inflation has been in the negative for 15 months, the retail inflation has remained within RBI's comfort zone at 5.69 per cent at the end of January.
363, This will be the second full-fledged Budget of the ruling NDA government, and will be unveiled in Parliament on February 29.
364, The market is expecting nothing big from the Budget. The better prospects of growth will be definitely welcomed by financial markets.
365, Budget for 2016-17 in a bid to protect consumers from price rise in essential food items. The PSF, announced in the previous Budget with a corpus of Rs 500 crore, was initially being handled by the Agriculture Ministry. It used funds to intervene in the market to boost supply of onion and pulses to check price rise
366, Senior citizens are often dependent on their children or extended families for healthcare, they said, adding that the proposed scheme will help in meeting secondary and tertiary health care needs
367, According to sources, the government could announce this decision in the forthcoming Budget as the move would help in improving ease of doing business also.
368, "Prime Minister Narendra Modi held a meeting with Opposition leaders on how to ensure smooth functioning of Parliament. Before this, he had also discussed the GST Bill with Congress president Sonia Gandhi and former Prime Minister Manmohan Singh," Venkaiah Naidu said.
369, Speaking on the "role of Centre through Start-up India initiative" at a programme here, the minister said "the government, I am sure, will be a lot more flexible in dealing with issues raised by start-ups and we are not just looking at tech-based or application-based start-ups".
370, The spending pressure on Finance Minister Arun Jaitley threatens to worsen imbalances in India's USD 2 trillion economy as consumption outpaces investment, undermining Prime Minister Narendra Modi's promise of better jobs for its 1.3 billion people.
371, Valuations are beginning to look reasonable and downside from current levels is limited, Sanjeev Prasad of Kotak Institutional Equities tells CNBC-TV18.
372, Awasthi believes that the 2016 Budget will be a better from growth perspective.
373, In an interview with CNBC-TV18, Devendra Joshi, Equity Strategist at HSBC said that he continues to be underweight and defensive on Indian market as growth and earnings continue to be a worry.
374, The survey, conducted by Deloitte India, also opined that a business-friendly tax administration and speedy resolution of tax disputes were critical for the success of Make in India campaign.
375, Though the customary secrecy has enveloped parts of the North Block, this year is the first when secretaries in the Finance Ministry have taken to YouTube to communicate the direction of the Union Budget 2016-17.
376, After Prime Minister Narendra Modi's meeting with leaders of opposition parties on February 16, Parliamentary Affairs Minister M Venkaiah Naidu will hold another all-party meeting tomorrow to reach out to political rivals for smooth functioning of Parliament.
377, "The need of the hour is to enter new areas to expand the freight operation in a significant way," said a senior Railway Ministry official, adding, "The aim is to enter into untapped areas."
378, For a pre-Budget prop, CNBC-TV18's consulting editor Udayan Mukherjee advises traders to look into sectors such as roads, agri and perhaps even banks.
379, S Ravikumar, President Business Development at Bajaj Auto says, factors like simplicity, transparency and consistency in policies are critical in making the economy stand out globally
380, Andrew Holland, CEO of Ambit Investment Advisors, says the quality of stocks that are rallying is quite uninspiring and there could be a swift trading move to 7600.

381, With India emerging as a bright spot in today's global economy, the focus will now be on our national fiscal deficit. Finance Minister would draw some roadmap for long-term stable growth, to increase the tax-GDP ratio, while ensuring that India remains a bright spot and attractive to the rest of the world.
382, Finance Minister Yanamala Ramakrishnudu will present the state budget for 2016-17 financial year on March 10.
383, C Jayaram of Kotak Mahindra Bank says post Budget, there is a possibility that the market may form a firm bottom on the back of feel-good factor.
384, Motilal Oswal expects a blended excise duty increase of 10 percent. In FY15-16, excise duty was hiked 25 percent in cigarette lengths less than 65mm and 15 percent increased for lengths over 65 mm. 
385, Rama Bijapurkar, Market Research Consultant believes urban space is performing better than rural and eCommerce will be the key driver to meet consumer demand. 
386, The industry hopes for an incentive scheme for scrapping old vehicles and subsidies to promote electric and hybrid vehicles to curb environment hazards.
387, In an interview with CNBC-TV18, he said that skill development and formal education will contribute to the company’s performance in the next fiscal and expects revenue growth of 40 percent for FY17.
388, In Budget for 2015-16, the government had increased the tariff rate on steel products (Long & Flat Products) to 15 percent; however the duties are still only 10 percent on Long Products and 12.5 percent on Flat Products.
389, While it is no mean feat to change the track of the legacy-bound 163-year-old Indian Railways, Prabhu had gladly accepted the challenge and forecast double digit growth in his first Budget as Railway Minister last year. Instead revenues have dropped to single digits
390, As logistics industry is export-oriented, incentives should be provided accordingly so that companies can set up shop on the dedicated rail freight corridor wherever industrial parks are planned to be set up, says Prakash Tulsiani, ED & COO of Allcargo Logistics
391, The statement assumes significance as it comes just a week before the presentation of Budget 2016-17 by Finance Minister Arun Jaitley in the Lok Sabha.
392, Additional Secretary from Finance Ministry Dinesh Sharma would be attending the meeting as most of the officials, including Economic Affairs Secretary Shaktikanta Das, would be busy with the Budget.
393, SMEV President, Sohinder Gill, argues that the foremost issue is that while the government has been pushing hybrid vehicle technologies, it has left the electric vehicles segment in the lurch.
394, State Bank of India in a research note said it is "time for a bad bank" as lenders are dealing with close to Rs 6.5 lakh crore of stressed assets, which do not include write-offs of bad debt.
395, As the ministry has decided to print lesser number of documents, it has drastically curtailed the number of printed copies, which would be made available to the media houses.
396, Mohandas Pai, former CFO and HR head of the Bengaluru-headquartered software major, said Prime Minister Narendra Modi has done whatever he could to deliver on his promises.
397, SUCI(C) MLA Tarun Naskar and Congress MLA Asit Mitra claimed that both proposed discussion on JNU, but it was shot down by the ruling TMC by saying JNU was a matter of the Center.
398, If the current budget recognizes and rectifies this anomaly, it would give a huge fillip to the ETF industry, particularly the fixed income ETF
399, GST will provide a big push to the manufacturing as well as warehousing and logistics sectors in India and is touted to have the potential of adding 1-2 percent to the country's gross domestic product (GDP), from about a year after it is rolled out. 

400, While this will not make debt funds on par with equity as equity funds have a holding period of only 1 year to qualify as long term this will go a long way in making debt funds more retail friendly.
401, Tax benefits may create awareness when it comes to property insurance, a category most individual insurance buyer neglect.
402, If you're an investor, you need not worry too much about whether a lacklustre Union Budget could impact your investments. For the broader economy, though, things like where the fiscal deficit is projected will be important, say experts.
403, Pitching for exemption to handicraft exports from service tax, the Export Promotion Council For Handicrafts (EPCH) said: "For example, participation in fairs both in India and overseas is important for export promotion and service tax on business exhibition organised within India to be exempted from service tax".
404, Budget comes at a time when the public sector banks are facing the problems of non performing assets and the investments have slowed down.
405, While innovative ideas are all in place, all expectations will be on implementation of these ideas, says Vivek Gupta, Partner, BMR. 
406, Government should also reconsider the decision to levy service tax on insurance products.
407, Government should take various measures to ensure increased penetration of health insurance in India.
408, The Budget session of Parliament
is all set for a stormy start tomorrow with major opposition
parties planning to corner the government on JNU and other
issue as Congress President Sonia Gandhi accused it of
launching a planned attack on freedom of expression and right
to differ.
409, Speaking to CNBC-TV18, Hemant Kanoria, Chairman & MD of SREI Infra says while various issues plague the sector, infrastructure space does not need new reforms, but tweaking of existing regulations.
410, In an interview with CNBC-TV18, Kotak Mahindra Bank Chief Economist Indranil Pan, Bank of America-Merrill Lynch Chief India Economist Indranil Sengupta and SBI Chief Economic Advisor talked about where the government should set next year's fiscal deficit target and what their expectations from the Union Budget are.
411, After a complete washout of the Monsoon and Winter session, the opposition is up in arms to corner the government in Parliament. The Narendra Modi government is trying hard to bargain with the opposition to get important Goods and Service Tax Bill and Real Estate Bill passed in the session.
412, As on September 2015, the gross NPAs of public sector banks had increased to Rs 3.01 lakh crore as against Rs 2.67 lakh crore in March.
413, "Inverted duty structure in respect of various items may be given due consideration in the Budget as it not only effects exports but also the manufacturing sector," Federation of Indian Export Organisations (FIEO) President S C Ralhan said.
414, "Net (direct tax) collection was Rs 5.47 lakh crore as on February 13, 2016. This amount is 68.7 percent of the target of Rs 7.96 lakh crore," Central Board of Direct Taxes (CBDT) member Surabhi Sinha has said.
415, Indranil Sengupta of Bank of America Merrill Lynch expects subsidies to continue to come off to 1.5 percent of GDP in FY17 from 1.7 percent earlier on account of falling oil.
416, The government should relax fiscal target and use additional fiscal space created to enhance public infrastructure, be it rural roads, national highways, railways, irrigation, rural housing, PSU bank recapitalization, GST compensation etc, says broking firm Edelweiss
417, The government is looking to re-impose custom duty of 5 percent on imported crude oil. ONGC's director - finance AK Srinivasan says, this too will be positive and the company will see a positive impact of Rs 2,000 crore on EBITDA.
418, Gopal Mahadevan, CFO of Ashok Leyland, says the company is doing well in the bus segment and the 54 percent volumes growth is equally spread between trucks and buses.

419, ELSS should be offered more tax incentives. Also the differential tax treatments that are given to various investment instruments need to be corrected.
420, After President Pranab Mukherjee's address to both the Houses on Tuesday, the government will present Railway Budget and the General Budget on February 25 and February 29 respectively.
421, There are significant redemptions in emerging market ETFs, says Tushar Pradhan of HSBC Global Asset Management. He advises investors to reduce exposure to stocks having high risk during volatility.
422, Tax exemptions can be aimed at promoting health insurance. Also government can offer tax incentives to channelize savings, which in turn work for individuals in their retirement planning.
423, "Hope there will be extensive discussion on issues of people during Parliament's Budget Session. I wish that Parliament session will be fruitful and there is constructive criticism as well," Modi said on Tuesday.
424, The President remarks assume significance in the context of repeated disruption of business on various issues, loss of time of Parliament and the stalling of legislative business in Rajya Sabha where the government lacks majority.
425, In his address to the joint sitting of Parliament, the President said the government is committed to providing electricity to all the census villages by May 2018.
426, N Jayakumar of Prime Securities says, the current level of pessimism can be a perfect scenario and may lead to a rally.
427, The total payables of Spicejet, including bank debt and vendor liabilities, has reduced from roughly Rs 2200 crore at the time of change in ownership to Rs 700 crore now, says Chairman, Ajay Singh, adding the plan is to reduce this further to Rs 300-400 crore over one year.
428, Addressing the joint sitting of Parliament at the start of the Budget session, the President listed out achievements of the Modi government, saying India has jumped 12 places on the ease of doing ranking of the World Bank while foreign investment inflow has risen 39 percent.
429, "While on the one hand, my government has taken measures to eliminate the scope for corruption, on the other hand, it has been unsparing in punishing those who are found guilty of corruption," he said in his address to the joint sitting of both Houses of Parliament on the opening day of the Budget Session.
430, A significant amount will be earmarked for safety upgradation, electrification, doubling and modernisation of yards to clear traffic bottlenecks, sources in the railways said.
431, Ambitious Bharatmala project worth Rs 2.67 lakh crore is on the anvil for development of national highways, while development of waterways is a priority area, the President said addressing the joint sitting of Parliament at the start of Budget Session.
432, House property income need more tax exemption. In Budget 2015 there was a marginal hike. However, the hike is not adequate. 
433, "There was nothing new in the speech. It was full of slogans like 'sabka saath, sabka vikas'. There was nothing which will give any relief to the people. The atmosphere is tense in the country. There was nothing on this and also no mention of tension with neighbouring countries," Congress leader Rajiv Shukla said outside Parliament.
434, Vaithianathan Ramachandran, Managing Director, Tata Capital Housing Finance Limited lists out his expectations for the housing sector from the upcoming Budget  
435, The Prime Minister has received recommendations to stop setting annual fiscal deficit target and rather amend the Fiscal Responsibility and Budget Management (FRBM), says CNBC-TV18’s Nayantara Rai, quoting sources.
436, In this special pre-Budget series, Ideas for India, star panellists Rakesh Mohan, former Deputy Governor of Reserve Bank of India, Jehangir Aziz, Chief Economist at JPMorgan and Sonal Varma, Chief Economist at Nomura discussed the king of all Budget themes, the fiscal balance.
437, Health insurance tax deduction should be enhanced to Rs 50000. Also service tax on health insurance should be removed.
438, The panel has put forth suggestions for universal life and health insurance schemes to the Finance Minister and Prime Minister.

439, According to Abanti, there are various demographic and economic factors that indicate that India is one of the most attractive countries for the alcohol industry. She expects an eight to ten percent CAGR in the next five years for the sector.
440, For the Aam Aadmi: Cheaper, costlier goods post Budget 2016
441, The BEPS recommendations on three tier TP documentation should be introduced with utmost care taking into account the additional burden that would be placed upon the taxpayers
442, The titans of Indian industry here at the Confederation of Indian Industry (CII) at the CII headquarters in New Delhi takes us through what we can expect or should expect from the Budget and what the Budget can deliver.
443, We can adopt the simplified tax and administrative processes available in other countries. 
444, In the wave of natural calamities over the past year, the worst hit was property / home. We strongly believe making home insurance compulsory for a minimum basic sum insured will lessen the burden. 
445, The Union Budget 2016 does have benefit of large savings on fuel subsidy due to lower oil prices.
446, "I do not have any expectations from railway budget. Though the nation has always big expectations from railway budget...Railway minster is my friend and wish him best," Bihar Chief Minister Nitish Kumar said while talking to reporters after the cabinet meeting.
447, With international oil prices slumping to 12-year low, it is being said that the government may, in the Budget next week, look at re-imposing 5 percent customs duty on crude oil imports to shore up its revenue by around Rs 18,000 crore. 
448, The Indian economy is expected to grow at 7.4 percent in the current fiscal, slightly lower than 7.6 percent projected in advance estimates of Central Statistics Office, industry body Ficci said today.
449, Watch the interview of Parizad Sariwalla Partner & Personal Taxation Expert at KPMG and Anshu Kapoor Head of Global Wealth Management at Edelweiss Financial with CNBC-TV18's Surabhi Upadhyay in which they gave their view on aam aadmi's expectations from Union Budget 2016.
450, |On a backdrop where there is continued selling from the foreign institutional investors (FIIs), it is unlikely to see a meaningful recovery, unless Budget delivers, says Gaurang Shah, VP, Geojit BNP Paribas Financial Services.
451, The Budget will be announced "at a time when the macro-economic milieu continues to be domestically and globally challenging", the industry body said, adding that it looks forward to suitable policy interventions which would rekindle business sentiment and help to debottleneck economy.
452, CNBC-TV18 caught up with some of the most successful start-up entrepreneurs’ and investors on the sidelines of the Surge Summit in Bangaluru to find out what they wanted from the Budget.
453, "The BJP is trying to maintain a brave face. It claims that India is the fastest growing major economy of the world but it seems to have lost its credibility as the numbers are not looking good and are telling a disjointed story," the party said in a commentary.
454, "There is lack of political will to raise passenger fares even though the reluctance is not shared by passengers, who would be willing to pay more provided the hike is accompanied by better services including timely arrival of trains, cleanliness at stations, safety and improvement in food," the chamber said a memorandum to the Railway Minister.
455, "MSME exporters may be provided additional exports benefits. It would help in promoting exports," Federation of Indian Export Organisations (FIEO) said in a statement.
456, According to the global financial services major, the fiscal slippage in the next financial year would be largely due to the need to accommodate higher spending commitments, especially a bigger public sector wage/pension bill and rising banks' recapitalisation needs.
457, As far as China is concerned, Adrian Mowat of JPMorgan feels the situation is becoming less precarious and the pressure on the Chinese currency (yuan) is easing now. He does not see China dragging India lower, instead feels it is the repositioning of portfolios that has dragged the country lower
458, S Sivakumar, Divisional Chief Executive, Agri Business at ITC, expects fertilizer subsidy outlay to come down due to lower commodity prices.
459, Harsha Upadhyaya, CIO-equity at Kotak Mutual Fund advises investors to avoid sectors such as metals, telecom and commodities
460, Instead of cutting MF advisors hands by levying more taxes, support them by helping them reach the common man.
461, Nirmal Jain, Chairman of IIFL, says investors should avoid pre-Budget buying as there could be greater opportunity post the Budget announcement due to worsening global conditions.
462, Keki Mistry says a single window clearance for property developers will help boost the real estate sector.
463, In CNBC-TV18's special series -- 'Ideas for India' -- Shankar Raman, Director-Finance, L&T; Anil Sardana, MD, Tata Power and MS Unnikrishnan, CEO, Thermax India talk about their Budget expectations on infrastructure spending by the government. 
464, To balance the books from the cut, the government will have to withdraw some incentives and benefits. But Parikh isn't sure which exemtions will be removed.
465, Ghosh Dastidar, former member of traffic of Railway Board, says, of late project implementation has improved a bit, so if capital is available, then it will be used. But, the government needs to ensure that capital is spent on productive asset creation
466, Given that Indian cities will see more migration from the rural areas, urban infrastructure will become a key area of focus for the government. 
467, It is requested that airlines should be exempted from application of MAT till all the accumulated book losses (including unabsorbed depreciation) are set off against future book profits, says Ajay Singh, CMD of SpiceJet.
468, Attracting Investment in defense and high technology is essential to bring in knowledge and encouragement for high technology to flourish in India.
469, Upgradation of existing coaches with modern facilities and improved interiors are being planned in a big way to run trains on higher fares like the recently launched Mahamana Express between New Delhi and Varanasi.
470, Responding to supplementaries during Question Hour, Railway Minister Suresh Prabhu said "resources of Railways are constantly dwindling" as they are "not decided in the most optimum manner".
471, "Consequently, unless the government revises upwards its capital infusion plan for the banks in its upcoming budget, the banks will see negative pressure on their credit profiles," said Srikanth Vadlamani, Moody's V-P and Senior Credit Officer.
472, As a fruit juice manufacturing company, we expect Government should incentivize companies coming up with innovative products such as fruit based aerated drinks etc.
473, Moody’s expects some weak exposure to remain unrecognized even post the asset quality restructuring undertaken by the Reserve Bank of India and some large corporate exposures with weak financial metrics to continue to remain as standard assets on the banks' books.
474, "Measures of the Union Budget 2016-17 can potentially generate 4,00,000 jobs in the Indian IT manufacturing sector if estimated demand for 30 million PCs per annum is fulfilled entirely through domestic production over the next five years," MAIT Executive Director Anwar Shirpurwala said while sharing details of the study.
475, In an interview with CNBC-TV18 he said that PPP model needs to be revitalized and the government should hire an independent regulator for roads.
476, "Development of stations under 'Adarsh' station scheme was started in 2009-10. 1,052 stations were identified under 'Adarsh' station scheme and out of which, 946 stations have been developed till 2014-15," he said in Lok Sabha during Question Hour.
477, More tax sops that leave more money in the hands of the average common  man on the street are expected from Union Budget 2016
478, Sanjeev Bhatia, CFO, PC Jeweller, believes rupee depreciation will help the company in its export business. 
479, The consultant defines transit-oriented development (TOD) as a mixed-use residential and commercial area designed to maximise access to public transport. TOD incorporates features to encourage transit ridership.
480, As RJio enters the market and more spectrum is auctioned in 2016-17, CRISIL Research believes margins will erode by 180 bps.
481, Securitisation essentially assists in attaining capital adequacy, restricting/availing sector exposure, risk management.
482, The yearly SBI Composite Index for February is at 51.3, compared to last month index of 47.3. Meanwhile, the monthly Index declined to 49.5 in February, from 52.4 in January 2016.
483, Prices in all cities barring Hyderabad are currently well above their 2008 peaks, so there is very little headroom for any appreciable rise in prices in the next two years in the prevailing macro-economic environment. 
484, After the gradual recovery in some segments this fiscal, CRISIL Research expects more broad-based growth in domestic automobile sales volume in 2016-17 as consumer sentiment is expected to improve on the back of a pick-up in real income growth and lower cost of ownership
485, Demand for credit would rise gradually from next fiscal, driven by falling differential between the base rates of banks and capital market rates, and healthy retail credit growth. Loan growth is projected at 12-14% for the next fiscal.
486, Development of real estate sector is a key for infrastructure development and smart city, considering both commercial and residential space.
487, B Santhanam, MD, Saint Gobain told CNBC-TV18's Jude Sannith that he is not a fan of state level exemptions and favours the reduction of the overall corporate tax.
488, More budgetary support for creation of technological infrastructure is required to complement Government’s flagship initiatives such as ‘Digital India’, ‘Start-up India’, ‘Smart Cities’ and ‘Skill India’.
489, Financial services sector needs a special thrust in the Union Budget 2016, especially given the government’s desire to augment the existing infrastructure in the country.
490, "According to me, right now, the government needs to only focus on ease of doing business and it should also focus on consistent policies, where there is no ambiguity and flip-flopping," Biocon chief Kiran Mazumdar-Shaw told PTI.
491, Watch accompanying videos to know what real estate sector is expecting from Budget 2016.
492, The textile industry has pitchedfor incentives such as halving excise duty on man-made fibreand filament and changes in labour laws in the budget for next financial year.
493, CRISIL Research expects the order book for capital goods industry to increase gradually in the medium to long term, led by large investments in the power transmission and distribution (T&D) segment. 
494, Infrastructure Finance Companies (IFCs) a new category of non-banking Finance company created by RBI in February, 2010 as a specialised financial institution to meet growing financing needs of infrastructure. 
495, Demand was lacklustre in the first half all over the country, barring the east, growing just 3%. However, in the second half, demand is expected to grow 4-5% following relaxation of the ban on sand mining, according to CRISIL Research.
496, Pharmaceutical exports (API and formulations) are expected to sustain 10-11% growth in the next fiscal. Strong US sales are likely to offset increased regulatory scrutiny and currency headwinds in markets such as Europe, and Latin America.

497, CRISIL Research expects capacity additions to slow to 60 GW over 2015-20 compared with 93 GW over the previous five years led by central and state PSU’s. 
498, In 2015-16, CRISIL Research believes the gains from the decline in prices of commodities/raw materials such as Brent crude, PFAD (palm fatty acid distillate) and copra will be partly offset by rising pressure on realisations amidst growing competition.
499, CRISIL estimates suggest that a substantial portion of the funding needs of SMEs is unmet, and the gap between availability of funding from institutional sources and need has an inverse relationship with size. 
500, "The Rail Budget we have prepared is in the interest of the nation and railways," said Suresh Prabhu, who will present his second Rail Budget tomorrow in Parliament after assuming charge of the ministry.
501, The Union Budget 2016 is likely to see a number of changes to the way it approaches the method of putting out estimates of expenditure.
502, Forbes India and BMR together conducted a pre-Budget poll, of nearly 55 CEOs and CFOs from different businesses, to understand India Inc’s expectations from the Union Budget, scheduled on February 29, 2016. 
503, No MIP/similar measures have been announced to help the aluminium industry. Hence, we expect domestic aluminium prices to continue their southward sojourn and decline further by 3-5% next fiscal.
504, "It will put more money in the hands of corporates and hopefully, they will be deploying it for capex and thus, in either way it will be beneficial," EY Partner and National Tax Leader Sudhir Kapadia told PTI here today. 
505, From the Budget market will watch for bank recapitalisation road map, rural thrust, 7th Pay Commission, fiscal deficit target -- more importantly action on the ground than just announcement, says Ajay Bagga.
506, Suresh Prabhu may actually decrease freight rates with an eye on increasing volumes and thus improve revenues, sources said. He could also bring in a new policy for cartage.
507, Education Promotion Society for India (EPSI), a not- for-profit autonomous body, demanded liberalisation of the important social sector.
508, "Minimum Pay needs to be revised to Rs 26,000 per month and the minimum pay of Rs 18,000 as recommended by 7th CPC is not acceptable," said Minutes of the meeting of Joint Secretary (IC) with the members of the Staff-side of the Standing Committee (National Council-JCM).
509, "Manufacturing is not only extremely important activity but it is one activity with its spiral effect on the economy which also creates the largest volumes of job, and a tax on that manufacturing adds to the government revenue.
510, In a special pre-Budget series, Ideas for India, Latha Venkatesh discusses what the Budget can do to improve the banking sector and thereby improve lending in the economy. Pratip Chaudhuri, Former Chairman of SBI, MR Umarji, Former Legal Advisor to the IBA & one of the authors of the Bankruptcy Code Panel and Rajat Bahl, Director, CRISIL Ratings.
511, Geoff Lewis, Global Strategist-Capital Markets Group at Manulife Asset Management, says India will benefit more from falling commodity prices and domestic growth.

512, Drought in many parts of the country has hit rice, cotton and other crops, and lower world commodity prices have added to the farmers' plight.
513, In an interview to CNBC-TV18, Manoj Murlidharan of Religare Securities, spoke about his readings and outlook on Futures and Options (F&O) side of the market, specific stocks and sectors.
514, After coming into power, the Narendra Modi government had introduced Real Estate Investment Trusts (REITs) and Infrastructure Infrastructure Investment Trusts (InvITs) to ensure liquidity for realty and infrastructure developers.
515, The Ficci-IBA Bankers survey, which was conducted during January-February 2016, highlights key operational areas of banks in India for July-December 2015 period.
516, While the Union Railway Minister is likely to announce special trains with higher fares, a new catering policy with focus on e-catering could also be announced.
517, On the Rail Budget eve, a group of transport activists today highlighted the issue of alarming rise in number of passenger deaths, mostly due to crossing of tracks and falling off crowded trains, and demanded a separate zone for local services in Mumbai to address the woes of commuters.
518, During FY16, rail minister had promised an aggressive capex plan for the railways from 2015-19 at Rs 8.5 lakh crore. During FY16, the budgeted capital outlay was Rs 1 lakh crore. 
519, Quoting sources, Alexander Mathew of CNBC-TV18 reports that the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) is working alongside banks to formulate a new method to deal with bad loans, which may involve sale of distressed assets under a closed auction.

520, Sanjay Dutt, director of Quantum Securities, says the Union Budget will be taken positively if the FM indicates aggressive government spending to boost investment cycle
521, Ramps with proper gradient and holding bars on both sides should be added, allowing wheel chairs to enter and move around in the station along with electric carts as per universal accessibility standards, Voice of Specially Abled People (VoSAP) said in a memorandum submitted to the Railways Minister Suresh Prabhu, ahead of his annual Budget .
522, As Railway Minister makes his second Rail Budget proposal in the Parliament today, analysts will keep a watch on few stocks. FY17 Rail Budget is likely to focus on safety upgradation, electrification and doubling to clear traffic bottlenecks.
523, AK Sharma, Director-Finance at IOC, says low crude price cannot be passed on to the customers as finished products are linked with product prices internationally.

524, Freight revenue should be focused in this Budget as its market share has fallen from 80 percent to 30 percent, says Umesh Chowdhary, VC and MD of Titagarh Wagons.
525, Vinay Khattar of Edelweiss says the banking sector is not in a very good state and is under a lot of pressure. He advises investors to stay away from public sector banks for now
526, Welcome to the live coverage of the Railway Budget presented by Minister Suresh Prabhu.
527, The Railways has set gross revenue target for FY17 at Rs 1.85 lakh crore, up 10 percent year-on-year (YoY). Of this, freight revenue is likely to be Rs 1.18 lakh crore, while the passenger revenue target is Rs 51012 crore, up 12.4 percent
528, There is a need for providing more impetus to life insurance companies for enhancing life insurance penetration in the country, especially when we do not have a social security system in place.
529, In an interview to CNBC-TV18, Sonal Varma, Executive Director and India Economist, Nomura says she expects the subsidy bill to be flat and will be watching the composition of expenditure.
530, Lucy Macdonald, CIO of Allianz Global Investors feels there is an inflationary bias within India but it has been under much better control recently.
531, Claiming these are challenging times due to the 7th Pay Commission, Prabhu said he is expecting an operating ratio of 92 percent for year 2016-17
532, HDFC, Sun Pharma, ONGC, Coal India and Hindalco are top gainers, up 1-2 percent while Infosys, TCS, ICICI Bank and Reliance Industries declined 0.5-1 percent.
533, Besides Jaitley, Minister of State for Finance Jayant Sinha and other senior officials of the finance ministry will be present at the meeting with economists on Saturday morning.
534, In a CNBC-TV18 interview, Umesh Chowdhary, VC & MD, Titagarh Wagons and Rajeev Jyoti, Chief Executive, Railway Business, L&T shared their expectations from the Rail Budget 2016.
535, Although Prime Minister Narendra Modi is implementing the expensive food welfare plan approved by his predecessor Manmohan Singh, his government is trying to rein in overall subsidies to focus on investment in manufacturing and infrastructure.
536, Prabhu said he prefers to change the term completion to commissioning as it appears more practical and accordingly laid out a target to commission 9 km per day of broad guage to increase to 13 km per day in FY19.
537, Effective inventory management helped save Rs 64 crore this year, Railway Minister Prabhu said. The Railways plans to redevelop 400 stations via the public private partnership (PPP), Prabhu said  
538, Addressing the Lok Sabha, Prabhu said, "This is not my Budget. This Budget reflects aspirations of people of India."
539, Shares of KEC International rose 5 percent intraday on Thursday. Railway Minister Suresh Prabhu has announced electrification of 2000 km. While laying down proposals for railways in FY17, the minister has said that the government is planning to set up a new fund for financing projects annualised savings of Rs 3000 crore to be achieved in FY17.
540, In his second Rail Budget on Thursday, Suresh Prabhu has announced turning National Academy of Railways at Vadodara into a full-fledged university.
541, While announcing new trains in dense routes to improving the basic amenities for the passengers, Prabhu said the Budget reflects the aspirations of the aam-aadmi.
542, Coal India, HDFC, Hindalco, Sun Pharma and ONGC are top gainers while GAIL, Adani Ports, Bajaj Auto, SBI and Infosys are losers in the Sensex. All rail stocks are in focus. 
543, Presenting the annual Rail Budget for 2016/17, Suresh Prabhu said the freight business - which provides two-thirds of Indian railways' revenues - was struggling as capacity constraints bite and industrial demand slows.
544, Service tax on insurance premium should be abolished. Also income tax on annuities for annuitants above certain age should be tax free.
545, Railways plans to start time-tabled freight container, parcel and special commodity trains on a pilot basis. The container sector would be opened to all traffic barring coal, specified mineral ores and part-loads during the non-peak season
546, Presenting his second Budget in the Lok Sabha, Railway Minister Suresh Prabhu promised rationalising of the tariff structure by undertaking a review to evolve competitive rates vis-a-vis other modes of transport and to expand the freight basket as a means of additional revenue mobilisation.
547, The minister announced two new corridors for Mumbai suburban train services – one between Churchgate and Virar and the other between Chhatrapati Shivaji Terminus (CSTM) and Panvel.
548, Sachin Bhanushali, CEO, Gateway Rail Freight says, support from public private partnership (PPP) and external financing has always been underachieved in the past and meeting financial targets is a serious question now.
549, Suresh Prabhu announced that an application of Track Management System (TMS) was already launched, under which activities of track inspection, monitoring and maintenance have been switched over to an IT platform, and automatic alerts in the form of SMS and e-mails are being generated.
550, Infosys, L&T, Tata Motors, ICICI Bank, SBI, Axis Bank and Maruti Suzuki were top negative contributors' to Sensex, down 1-3 percent while HDFC, Sun Pharma, ONGC and Coal India gained 2 percent.
551, Presenting the annual Rail Budget for 2016/17, Railway Minister Suresh Prabhu said the planned budget outlay for the world's fourth-largest network would be 1.21 trillion rupees (USD 17.6 billion), up about 20 percent from the current year's estimated expenditure.
552, Rohan Shah, Managing Partner, ELP; Sachin Menon, Partner & Head, Indirect Tax, KPMG and Harishanker Subramaniam, Partner and Indirect Tax Leader of EY, talk about the tax-related worries and needful for the Budget 2016.
553, Reacting to the Railway Budget, introduced in the Parliament on Thursday, Sachchidanand Shukla of Axis Capital told CNBC-TV18 that the Budget does not have any significant negatives and Rail Minister, Suresh Prabhu has not deviated from his medium term plan.
554, Market borrowing, as per the revised estimate for current fiscal, has been pegged at about Rs 11,848 crore, lower than Rs 17,655 crore estimated earlier, according to the Railway Budget for 2016-17, which was tabled by Railway Minister Suresh Prabhu in Parliament today.
555, Tilak Raj Seth, CEO of mobility division at Siemens says high level of transparency was maintained in the operations last year.
556, Hailing the Rail Budget 2016-16 as "passenger-centric" as it entails no fare hike, Modi said it will play an important role in the country's rejuvenation.
557, The Railway Budget 2016-17 today spared passengers and goods any increase in tariff while announcing the introduction of three new super-fast trains and creation of dedicated north-south, east-west and east coast freight corridors by 2019.
558, The most traded 8.27 percent 2020 bond yield rose to 7.97 percent, its highest since Sept. 8, 2015 and up 6 basis points from before the presentation of the railway Budget. It closed at 7.9 percent on Wednesday.
559, Lalu Prasad, who served as Railway minister during UPA I, said that he had achieved a surplus of Rs 60,000 crore during his tenure as the Railway minister. He had not even asked from the government to support the Rail Budget.
560, The freight prices, he says, are very uncompetitive as compared to road transport. The tariffs should be brought down to make them more competitive as Railways make more money from freight rather than passenger trains.
561, While it had budgeted to earn over Rs 1.83 lakh crore in 2015-16, as per the revised estimates it is going to earn about Rs 1.67 lakh crore.
562, Tejas on the other hand would showcase the future of train travel in India. Operating at speeds of 130 kmph and above, it will offer onboard services such as entertainment, local cuisine and wi-fi through service providers, while ensuring accountability and improved customer satisfaction.
563, "There is an effort to improve railway services. At the same time, fare hike has been avoided," state BJP president Raosaheb Danve said here.
564, Speech of Railway Minister Suresh Prabhu who presented his second Railway Budget (FY2016-17) on February 25, 2016 in Lok Sabha.
565, Railway Budget today spared passengers and goods movement from any rise in tariffs while it announced introduction of three new superfast trains and creation of dedicated north- south, east-west and east coast freight corridors by 2019.
566, There are some big things that could take railways to the next level. The freight business which provides two thirds of revenues to the railways suffer capacity constraints.
567, Railway minister Suresh Prabhu listed his government's achievements and also set targets for FY17
568, Experts expect the market to be volatile in near term as they feel the Union Budget, which will be presented on February 29, may not be big driver. On Railway Budget, they say reforms are on track but FY16 target is likely to be missed.
569, Talking to CNBC TV18, GP Goenka, chairman, Stone India gave his views on the Railway Budget 2016.
570, Announcing the Railway Budget for 2016-17 in Parliament today, Union Minister Suresh Prabhu said a dedicated, cross functional team called Special Unit for Transportation Research and Analytics (SUTRA) would be set up for carrying out detailed analytics leading to optimised investment decisions and operations.
571, Watch the video of Railway Minister Suresh Prabhu, addressing the media after the presentation of Rail Budget.
572, Railway Minister Suresh Prabhu today announced a large investment plan in Rail Budget 2016-17 that led many experts to question how the Railways will be able to tie up finances.
573, Mr. Mutual Fund writes to the finance minister with his wish list for Union Budget 2016.
574, In the current fiscal, the budgetary support has been lowered by Rs 1,007 crore from Rs 4,729 crore to Rs 3,721 crore, according to the Railway Budget for 2016-17, which was tabled by Railway Minister Suresh Prabhu in Parliament today.
575, Since the previous budget disappointed the salaried class with no change in the tax slabs, it is likely that this could see a change in this budget.
576, Zicom rallied 10 percent intraday as Prabhu emphasized on improving security and vigilance in railways. Prabhu has said that all major stations will be brought under CCTV surveillance in a phased manner, to provide better security to our passengers especially women travellers. Currently, CCTV surveillance is provided at 311 stations.
577, CNBC-TV18's Shereen Bhan reached out to former Finance Minister P Chidambaram, who was critical of the government's handling of the economy so far, especially the rural sector. 
578, Speaking to CNBC-TV18, AK Mittal, Railway Board Chairman says that it will partner with companies like NTPC, SAIL, Coal India to raise Rs 18,000 crore. 
579, The decline in operating ratio from 88% to 90%, and to 92% for next year is along expected lines, with freight and passenger traffic remaining nearly flat, and expenses continuing to increase, says Manish Agarwal, PwC India.
580, Increasing the tax exemption limit to Rs 3 lakh from Rs 2.5 lakh in the union budget would add Rs 5,000-15,000 in the assessee’s kitty.
581, Railway Minister kept passenger fares and freight rates unchanged but proposed to set up a tariff regulator in a bid to keep fares dynamic.
582, Speaking to CNBC-TV18, Rob Marshall Lee, Newton Investment Management says the government must look at infrastructure spending and rural consumer that have been suffering due to reversal in some subsidies like MNREGA.
583, As Railway Minister Suresh Prabhu allocated Rs 4,682 crore for railway projects in Odisha, Union Tribal Affairs Minister Jual Oram said he was delighted over the Rail Budget, 2016-17.
584, "The rail budget does not envisage an increase in passenger fares or freight, however earnings from various segments are forecast to grow by an average of 10-12 percent, thus leaving the door open for fare hikes during the year itself," India Ratings said in a note.
585, "The Budget ensures that projects are completed in a time-bound manner. The provisions announced would bring a drastic change not only in the functioning of the Railway but would also ease the hardships faced by commuters," R D Tripathi, additional general manager of CR said.
586, The party said the outcome of the Budget proposals will only be seen in 2020, while the government's term ends in 2019. This raises the question of "accountability" of the promises made, it said.
587, "Nine crore man-days employment by 2017-18 and 14 crore man-days by 2018-19 is a big opportunity for skilled workforce, that the Rail budget has presented.
588, Local chapter of Indian Chamber of Commerce and Industry President D Nanndakumar said the budget addressed key issues on innovative measures and highlighted the out laying of investment opportunities and new financing methods.
589, At present, the domestic travel insurance market is about 8-10 percent of the total travel insurance market of Rs 500 crore, of which the major chunk is generated from the airline sector.
590, The 90-minute meeting with the economists on Saturday, ahead of the Budget presentation for 2016-17, was confirmed by Ministry spokesperson who described it as one to explain "economic analysis of macro-economic situation" after the presentation of Economic Survey.
591, The lowest income tax slab is likely to be raised from Rs 2.5 lakh to Rs 3 lakh, which means income up to Rs 3 lakh is likely to be exempt from Income Tax. There are also indications that even the higher IT slabs may be re-jigged.
592, Michael Kurtz, Chief Asia Equity Strategist of Nomura says, while this will be a 'run-of-the-mill' Budget, corporate tax cut will be a positive. 

593, The Department of Fertilisers (DoF) is working on a road-map to capture the details of farmers so that sales data can be captured and subsidy can be transferred to farmers' accounts directly, according to a Parliamentary Standing Committee report.
594, The growth performance of the Bihar economy has been steady over the past one decade registering an annual growth rate at 10.5 percent between FY 2005-6 and 2014-15, the survey noted.
595, Bharat Iyer of JPMorgan believes the market could have an appetite for fiscal slippage provided the end use of funds is very clearly mandated and adhered to for important issues like PSU banks recapitalisation.
596, Expressing similar views, Renault India Operations Country CEO and Managing Director Sumit Sawhney said India's first rail auto hub in Chennai will facilitate transportation of cars from manufacturing plants to respective destinations as the city is "a growing automobile hub and is being regarded as 'Detroit of the East'".
597, For 2015-16, Railways had decided to procure 15,000 wagons and the process is already under progress. This is a four-fold increase in procurement compared to last few years.
598, Of particular interest is what exemptions finance minister Arun Jaitley proposes to give the country's startup eco-system, not just to the aspiring, first-time entrepreneurs, but also investors that fund them. Ease of doing business, however, remains the key concern across the tech spectrum.
599, There is a need for investment lift-off and for that to happen, the government will have to mobilise the savings in the economy and make it available to the private sector, says Edward Teather, senior economist Asean & India of UBS Investment Bank
600, Hiren Ved is bullish on select infra plays and says a bank recapitalisation number of over Rs 25,000 crore will be viewed positively by the market
601, From the upcoming budget, he expects to know how the government is going to revive the current investment climate. He believes that if the road and infra are given a boost, it would bring a huge multiplier impact.
602, Dhananjay Sinha - Head, Institutional Research at Emkay Global Financial Services is of the view that one can pick Asian Paints, Britannia Industries and Marico and likes YES Bank, HDFC Bank and HCL Technologies.
603, Keki Mistry- Vice Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, HDFC believes it is important to increase the tax exemptions on home loans as even a marginal increase will pep up the home-buyers sentiments.
604, Nalin Jain, President and CEO, South Asia, GE Transportation and Aviation, feels the Railway Minister has moved forward on the roadmap announced last year and finds the Rail Budget 2016 to be quite progressive
605, Long overshadowed by China's spectacular rise, Modi's powerful electoral mandate stirred hopes that India finally had a leader capable of boosting its underwhelming investment climate and stolid global image.
606, Coal India, Axis Bank, SBI, L&T and M&M are top gainers while Hero MotoCorp, Bajaj Auto, Bharti Airtel, Tata Steel and Maruti were losers in the Sensex.
607, Anish Maheshwari, Group CFO, Navkar Corp says, the company is doing well in the domestic markets currently.

608, The survey, to be published shortly ahead of Finance Minister Arun Jaitley's annual Budget on Monday, also forecast that the current account deficit would be between 1.0 and 1.5 percent of gross domestic product, ET Now and Bloomberg TV said.
609, The government today tabled the Economic Survey 2016-17 in Parliament today.
610, Pranjul Bhandari, Chief India Economist, HSBC, says inflation could be much higher—almost 5.5 percent— than the 4.5-5 percent forecast in the survey.
611, Bank Nifty gained more than 1 percent after the government, in its Economic Survey 2016-17 says it has given power to banks to recover money from debt ridden promoters.
612, Meanwhile, the minister of state for finance Jayant Sinha said power has been given to banks to recover money from debt-ridden promoters
613, A spike in oil prices may drag consumption and hurt monetary easing prospects, the survey says, adding exports slow down may continue for a while before picking up in FY17.
614, According to statement the government has given a power to banks to recover money from debt ridden promoters.
615, The Survey said that the fundamental task of the Budget should be to preserve fiscal sustainability. This is on the lines of what RBI Governor Raghuram Rajan has been arguing all along; that fiscal prudence was essential for sustainable growth.
616, India's economy is expected to grow 7-7.5 percent in the fiscal year to March 2017, the Economic Survey said on Friday, ahead of the presentation of the annual Budget by Finance Minister Arun Jaitley on Monday.
617, Tanti forecasts a growth of 30% for the Indian wind sector, but he says Suzlon is going to do better than that. 
618, Last year's budget gave an additional tax benefit on investments of up to Rs 50,000 a year under the National Pension Scheme only. This needs a wider coverage. 
619, "The (Indian) market has rebounded time and time again, and it is hoped that as the global financial markets settle down, India can become the leading investment destination owing to its robust macroeconomic fundamentals," as per the 2015-16 report card of the state of the economy tabled by Finance Minister Arun Jaitley in Parliament today.
620, The challenge of creating the good jobs of India could be seen as a challenge of creating more formal sector jobs which also guarantee workers protection, the Survey said.
621, SBI, Coal India, Axis Bank, L&T and NTPC are top gainers while Bajaj Auto, Hero MotoCorp, Bharti Airtel and Lupin and Gail are top losers in the Sensex.
622, Finance minister shall be walking a tight rope to manage the fiscal austerity path. Though the chances of a slippage from the FRBM path are high, owing to 7th pay commission payouts, but these would to a certain extent get offset by higher revenues.
623, "The power generation capacity has increased while the financial ability of discoms to purchase electricity has diminished,” the Survey said, adding that the time was now ripe to allow industries with higher power demands to absorb excess generation capacity through "Open Access".
624, He says sticking to the fiscal consolidation target will be taken positively, adding he has always pitched for a rate cut and if the fiscal deficit target is achieved then the Reserve Bank will get more room to cut rates. He feels the process should begin with at least 50 basis points cut.
625, The central and state governments subsidise a wide range of products — including rice, wheat, pulses, sugar, kerosene, LPG, naphtha, water, electricity, fertiliser, iron ore, railways, among others — in order to make these affordable.
626, Backdrop of the amendment in 2012 was to cover large and strategic transactions which could result in change in control and management of Indian companies but cannot be taxed as they do not have direct nexus with India. 
627, The market has ended higher in the last trading session ahead of Union Budget. The Sensex ended up 178.30 points or 0.8 percent at 23154.30, and the Nifty gained 59.15 points or 0.8 percent at 7029.75. About 1039 shares have advanced, 1435 shares declined, and 176 shares are unchanged.
628, The government could sell off assets that it no longer wants to hold, such as certain nonfinancial companies, and use the proceeds to make additional investments in the PSBs, said the economic report card of 2015-16, tabled in Parliament by Finance Minister Arun Jaitley.
629, Production of raw coal during April-December was at 447.48 million tonnes compared with 427.27 million tonnes during the corresponding period of the previous year, registering a growth of 4.7 percent, it said.
630, "There have also been some disappointments - especially the Goods and Services Tax - which need to be retrieved going forward," said the Survey tabled by Finance Minister Arun Jaitley in Parliament.
631, The survey, tabled in Parliament, also said that the continuance of low commodity prices globally augurs well for sustaining low trade and current account deficit.
632, On account of an almost "stagnant" steel demand globally, particularly in China, major producers are pushing products into the Indian market, which is leading to a surge in steel imports, said the 2015-16 report card of the economy tabled by Finance Minister Arun Jaitley in Parliament today.
633, The survey said safety concerns related to hybrid and genetically modified (GM) seeds need to be debated and tested so that their introduction is facilitated in the next six months. It also said the regulatory process needs to be evolved to address safety concerns of GM crops.
634, Competition Commission of India (CCI) keeps a tab on unfair business practices across sectors in the market place.
635, "This was mainly on account of a decrease in their contribution to dividend, corporate tax and custom duty in 2014-15," as per the 2015-16 report card of the state of the economy tabled by Finance Minister Arun Jaitley in Parliament.
636, In addition, 12 percent of the fleet is in the 15-19 years bracket, while the ship-breaking sector continues to be in turmoil, the Economic Survey for 2015-16, tabled in Parliament by Finance Minister Arun Jaitley, said today.
637, The total number of new companies registered in India during the financial year 2014-15 stood at 64,395, while 66 companies listed themselves in stock exchange during the period under review, Minister of Corporate Affairs Arun Jaitley said in a written reply to Lok Sabha.
638, Indian aluminum industry will continue to face difficulty unless world prices increase because in the short-run it is "virtually impossible" to reduce production cost, said the 2015-16 report card of state of the economy tabled by Finance Minister Arun Jaitley in Parliament.
639, "For most of the current fiscal year, inflation has remained quiescent, hovering within the RBI's target range of 4-6 percent. But looming on the horizon is the increase in wages and benefits recommended for government workers by the Seventh Pay Commission (7th PC).
640, The BJP government in October 2014 had approved a pricing formula that used rates prevalent in gas surplus economies like the US, Russia and Canada to price domestic gas.
641, The Survey tabled in Parliament by Finance Minister Arun Jaitley said the government is looking to facilitate exit through a host of initiatives, including the new bankruptcy law, rehabilitation of stalled projects, proposed changes to the Prevention of Corruption Act as well as the broader JAM (Jan Dhan, Aadhaar and Mobile governance) agenda.
642, National LED programme will also facilitate India's commitment towards reducing its emission intensity per unit of GDP by 33-35 percent by 2030 under its Intended Nationally Determined Contribution (INDC).
643, "The introduction of 4G which could be a game changer and inclusion of fiber optic connectivity which will tremendously increase the reach and bandwidth along with greater use of mobiles in government's social sector programmes could give a further boost to this fast growing sector," the Economic Survey for 2015-16 tabled in Parliament said today.
644, "There is a need to improve the quality of education provided in schools to arrest and reverse the decline in enrolment in government schools and improve the educational outcomes in both public and private schools," the Economic Survey for 2015-16 tabled in Parliament by Finance Minister Arun Jaitley said on Friday. 
645, With a view to liberalise and simplifying the FDI policy and to provide ease of doing business climate in the country, the government has undertaken various reforms, the survey added.
646, "As an outcome one manufacturer has reduced the prices of coronary stents by 10 percent. Further, a few other manufacturers have informed that there has been substantive reduction in prices of coronary stents manufactured by them," Health Minister J P Nadda said in a written reply in Lok Sabha.
647, For any discussion around expectations from the Budget, it is important we keep both parties in mind. So, let us do this here and see the dynamics from the eyes of CEO of Utopia Life Insurance Company Ltd (ULIC) and the Finance Minister of India (FM).
648, Arvind Subramanian called for liquidity to be injected into the financial system and easing of policy rates by the Reserve Bank of India (RBI). Finance Minister Arun Jaitley presents his annual Budget next Monday.
649, Policy rates have been reduced substantially in 2015 with no less than four rate cuts cumulating to 125 basis points, including a 50 basis point cut at the October meeting.
650, The 50-share NSE Nifty started off March series on a positive note after losing 6 percent each in previous two series (January and February), up 59.15 points or 0.85 percent to 7029.75.
651, At present, all households are entitled to get 12 cylinders of LPG or liquefied petroleum gas, each with 14.2kg, at a subsidised rate of Rs 419.26, against the current market price of Rs 575.
652, Neither the tax reforms nor the regulatory reforms come without riders. For instance the tax pass through for AIFs is coupled with a 10% tax withholding obligation on income payable to investors.
653, The 2015-16 Macro-Economic Survey tabled in the Parliament on Friday, stated the need for consolidation, strategic divestment and the 4 R’s namely recognition, recapitalisation, resolution and reform to resolve the stressed assets issues plaguing the Indian public sector banking system.
654, Though 2015 was declared as the warmest year by the World Meteorological Organization, India contributed fairly less towards carbon emission as compared to US, China and EU.
655, The market is more likely to be affected by the global factors than the Budget, says Dipan Mehta, member of BSE and NSE.
656, Also, while households can buy only 12 subsidised cylinders a year, they can buy an unlimited number of unsubsidised cylinders. However, these cylinders are still 30 per cent cheaper than commercial cylinders due to differential tax treatment of household and commercial LPG. So households can technically sell these to commercial establishments
657, Tirthankar Patnaik, India Strategist at Mizuho Bank says that there could be a relief rally if there is no adverse move on long term capital gains (LTCG) or securities transaction tax (STT) in the upcoming Budget. 
658, The Economic Survey said the government could sell off some PSUs to make additional investments in state-owned lenders, as a booster to the PSU banks grappling with bad asset quality. 
659, The Survey has stressed on the need for reorienting agriculture price
policies, such that MSPs are matched by public procurement efforts towards crops that better reflect the country’s natural resource scarcities
660, BMR Advisors define the expectations from the energy sector from Union Budget 2016
661, According to Ashwani Gujral of ashwanigujral.com, if the Budget is neutral that is there is nothing positive or negative, there could be a pullback rally just because the uncertainty is out of the way but the long-term would continue to be on the downside
662, Among other expectations, finance minister may choose to increase the income tax exemption limit by Rs 50000.
663, The Union Budget 2016 offers an additional tax benefit of Rs 50000 for first time home buyers.
664, Section 87A benefit is hiked to Rs 5000 and a home loan interest benefit stand increased along with HRA limit.
665, Here are five provisions from Union Budget 2016 that you cannot forget.
666, "Indian state's generosity is not restricted to its poorest citizens. In fact, in many cases, the beneficiaries are disproportionately the well-off," the survey said.
667, The Survey suggested that "tax issues like the place of provision clause in service tax resulting in tourism services not being treated as export of service and being taxed and need for lower GST for tourism-related services as in many OECD countries" are required to be addressed to boost the sector.
668, Currently, a deposit in 15-year Public Provident Fund is exempt from taxes both at investment stage, at the time of getting interest as well as withdrawal.
669, The government has embarked on an ambitious exercise to digitise cable network in four phases and complete switch off of analog TV services by December 31, 2016.
670, Government think tank NITI Aayog,
which provides policy support to the Centre and the states,
will interact directly with citizens on the Union Budget.
671, "There is limited scope for a radical budget this year, but the broad-based and granular approach is set to continue," DBS said in a research note.
672, According to the Census of India 2011, around 70 percent of the country’s population resides in the rural and slum area, which have higher exposure to contaminated drinking water, sanitation issues and proper hygiene practices, which are the main causes for diseases in developing countries. 
673, The countdown for Budget 2016 has begun and as we wait with bated breath for Finance Minister Arun Jaitley to table the Budget for FY17 in less than three days, CNBC-TV18's Mumbai reporting team gets you Corporate India's Budget wishlist across sectors
674, In an interview with CNBC-TV18’s Shereen Bhan, the Chief Economic Advisor Arvind Subramanian says the important thing is that despite mixed economic cues, the government needs to continue with its agenda of reforms.
675, Agriculture and rural development being an integral part of economy, every Budget has a list of schemes for the rural India and farmers.
676, With low insurance penetration, quality healthcare facilities remain beyond the reach of the poor. Public healthcare is battling medical negligence as well as infrastructure, technological issues.
677, Domestic companies have been demanding for a minimum import price (MIP) for metals as a safeguard against cheap products from China. 
678, The CEA said he has taken a "realistic" view while projecting a growth rate of 7-7.75 percent for the next fiscal and the growth path could be derailed in the event of an 2008-like "extreme crisis" in the world.
679, "There are very good arguments on both sides... and that's why it is a very difficult decision," he said when asked whether the government would deviate from the fiscal consolidation road map in view of the difficult global environment and the need to boost growth.
680, The Sensex is soon down 41.01 points or 0.2 percent at 23113.29, and the Nifty is down 18.55 points or 0.3 percent at 7011.20.
681, Many believe despite the government's efforts to curtail subsidies, its food subsidy bill may exceed the Budget estimates of Rs 1.24 lakh crore by Rs 10,000-20,000 crore. Allocation for 2016-17 could be more than Rs 1.5 lakh crore, says HDFC Securities
682, Industry experts believe the recapitalisation target at Rs 70000 crore up to FY19 will not suffice. Also, considering the balance sheet clean-up is stipulated to be completed by March 2017, they feel the government should also front-load the capital infusion process.
683, ITC, Hero, Cipla, Adani Ports and GAIL are major losers in the Sensex.

684, SBI, ICICI Bank, Tata Steel, ONGC and Dr Reddy's are top gainers while Hero MotoCorp, HUL, Bajaj Auto, Maruti and GAIL are down.
685, During the last Budget, the government had outlined target of Rs 8.5 lakh crore of agricultural credit.
686, Aviation stocks like Jet Airways and SpiceJet are down 4-6 percent.
687, The market is flat as Budget draws closer. The Sensex is up 7.95 points at 23162.25 and the Nifty is down 1.05 points at 7028.70. About 700 shares have advanced, 555 shares declined, and 65 shares are unchanged.
688, In their pre-Budget expectation list, most industry experts had expressed hope that the funding is not only hiked but also front-loaded as the deadline set for cleaning up of balance sheets is March 2017.
689, SBI, ICICI Bank, Tata Steel, ONGC and Dr Reddy's are top gainers while Hero, GAIL, HUL, Bajaj Auto and Maruti are losers in the Sensex.
690, SBI, Tata Steel, ICICI Bank, Dr Reddy's Labs and ONGC are top gainers while GAIL, Hero, Cipla, HUL and Wipro are losers in the Sensex.
691, SBI, Tata Steel, ICICI Bank, Dr Reddy's Labs and ONGC are top gainers while GAIL, Hero, Cipla, HUL and Wipro are losers in the Sensex.
692, SBI, Tata Steel, ICICI Bank, Dr Reddy's Labs and ONGC are top gainers while GAIL, Hero, Cipla, HUL and Wipro are losers in the Sensex.
693, SBI, Tata Steel, ICICI Bank, Dr Reddy's Labs and ONGC are top gainers while GAIL, Hero, Cipla, HUL and Wipro are losers in the Sensex.
694, Bank, metal and infra stocks are up while IT and FMCG are down. India has set up a panel that will help select chief executives of state-run banks and also work with banks to develop strategies and capital-raising plans.
695, The Sensex is down 48.71 points or 0.2 percent at 23105.59, and the Nifty is down 15 points or 0.2 percent at 7014.75. About 894 shares have advanced, 1048 shares declined, and 119 shares are unchanged.
696, The market rises as FM Arun Jaitley starts Budget speech. Global economy is in a serious crisis and global growth has slowed. Financial markets are battered but confidence is being built around India, says Jaitley. The Sensex is up 121.79 points or 0.5 percent at 23276.09, and the Nifty is up 32.90 points or 0.5 percent at 7062.65. 
697, Finance Minister Arun Jaitley says in his Budget speech that India's external situation is robust but FY16-17 will be challenging. He said that the government will make provision for bank recapitalisation and social sector in FY17. He will focus to pass GST.
698, SBI, Tata Steel, ONGC, ICICI Bank and M&M are top gainers while Wipro, GAIL, Infosys, NTPC and Maruti are down.

699, M&M surges 3 percent on government plans to double rural income by 2020 and FY17 and allocation of Rs 87765 crore for rural development in FY17.
700, FMCG index is down 1.3 percent, while Bankex is on the verge of slipping into red. GAIL, Wipro, Infosys, Maruti and Hero are top losers.
701, The market is down as government has decided to allocate less-than-expectated banks recapitalisation amount. FM Arun Jaitley has proposed to give Rs 25000 crore for banks recap. SBI has fallen 2 percent immediately. The Sensex is down 147.79 points or 0.6 percent at 23006.51, and the Nifty is down 62.90 points or 0.9 percent at 6966.85.
702, Bank Nifty falls 0.6 percent after the government allocated lower-than-expected recapitalisation amount for banks.
703, There is no respite in selling pressure in the market as FM Arun Jaitley continues his Budget speech. The Sensex is down 316.63 points or 1.4 percent at 22837.67 and the Nifty down 95.70 points or 1.4 percent at 6934.05. About 764 shares have advanced, 1388 shares declined, and 135 shares are unchanged.
704, In an interview to PTI, Chief Economic Advisor Arvind Subramanian has said that the present government is taking "consistent steps" to deal with the legacy tax issues to regain investor confidence.

705, The objective of the exercise, they said, was to come out with "clear cut guidelines" on taxation with a view to prevent controversies pertaining to retrospective amendment of tax laws.
706, "Duty structure on mobile handsets and tablets should be continued for another 10 years. Similar duty structure may be introduced on parts, components and accessories of mobile handsets and tablets," Indian Cellular Association National President Pankaj Mohindroo told PTI. 
707, India Inc expects the Budget to
simplify tax laws and increase compliance, apart from
improving both the ease and cost of doing business.
708, The startup community, which has
started facing funds crunch of late, is looking to the Budget
for an easy tax regime, relaxation in investment norms and
further incentives for innovation.
709, In his monthly radio programme 'Mann Ki Baat', he emphasised that students should appear for the exams with a "positive approach" having free and calm mind without any anxiety. He also asked parents not to put pressure on them.
710, Reduction of cess on crude oil will have a positive impact of USD dollars per barrel on ONGC. A weightage average excise hike of anything above 15 percent on cigarettes will be negative for ITC.

711, Watch accompanying video of CNBC-TV18's Latha Venkatesh on key numbers that we need to watch out for.
712, Rising rural distress because of back-to-back droughts have put considerable pressure on the Finance Minister to spend more on social schemes, while at the same time he has to win back foreign investors craving for faster reforms.
713, His government is expected to increase spending on agriculture, health and social sectors, a change from its focus on infrastructure spending and market reforms, they said.
714, Finance Minister Arun Jaitley has presented the Union Budget 2016-17. Catch live updates here.
715, CNBC-TV18 special brings you the winners of Time 'Make in India' Awards. Eminent panellists in discussion are Yogesh Agarwal, Managing Director of Ajanta Pharma, Rajesh Agarwal, Joint Managing Director of Ajanta Pharma, Shankar Narayanan, Managing Director of Carlyle in India; Norman Pearlstine, the Chief Content Officer at Time Inc.
716, Speaking to CNBC-TV18, Arvind Sanger, Founder & Managing Partner at Geosphere Capital Management says a bold budget is needed for a sustainable market rally.
717, Mohammed Apabhai of Citi said the Budget needs to balance the fiscal while stimulating economy and bank recapitalization. 
718, According to CNBC-TV18, in best case scenario, the Nifty could make a move to 7250-7300. However, the big question will be if fresh selling emerges if Nifty goes to 7250. In worst case scenario, Nifty could break recent low of 6,869, say CNBC-TV18 analyst.
719, ITC is down 5 percent as the government will raise excise duty on most tobacco products by 10-15 percent.

720, Watch the interview of Ashwani Gujral, Fund manager of ashwanigujral.com, Sudarshan Sukhani of s2analytics.com, SP Tulsian of sptulsian.com and Prakash Diwan of prakashdiwan.in with Latha Venkatesh and Sonia Shenoy on CNBC-TV18.
721, The most important thing to look at is the 3.5 percent figure for fiscal deficit in this Budget, says Jahangir Aziz, Asia Economic Research at JPMorgan. 
722, Katalin Gingold, Head-Equity Research, Cartica Capital is not investing in the finance space. She feels banks need to clean up their NPLs. "The transmission mechanism also needs to be de-clogged. At the moment, we are not betting on PSU banks, but are looking at select private sector banks."
723, Bank stocks has disgusted the lower-than-expected Rs 25000 crore recapitalisation allocated in the Budget. Bank Nifty is up 2 percent.
724, Tata Steel, ICICI Bank, SBI, Reliance and Dr Reddy's Labs are top gainers while ITC, Maruti Suzuki, Wipro, Cipla and Infosys are top losers in the Sensex. Autio index is down.
725, Gautam Chhaochharia, Head-India Research, UBS Securities, says: "The consolidated fiscal deficit number is not looking good and the quality of spending will most definitely deteriorate as the bulk of spending will come from the states."
726, Tata Steel, ICICI Bank, SBI, Reliance and Dr Reddy's Labs are top gainers while ITC, Maruti, Wipro, HUL and Cipla are major losers in the Sensex.
727, ICICI Bank, Tata Steel, Reliance, SBI and Dr Reddy's Labs in the Sensex. ITC, Maruti, Wipro, Cipla and NTPC are down.
728, There could be some cheer as the Finance Minister may increase income tax slab from Rs 2.5 lakh to Rs 3 lakh.
729, The Indian rupee opened lower by 9 paise at 68.69 per dollar versus 68.60 Friday.
730, ICICI Bank, Tata Steel, Reliance, Dr Reddy's Labs and SBI are top gainers while ONGC, Maruti, Wipro, NTPC and Infosys are losers in the Sensex. 

731, After the Budget Session began on a note of confrontation last week, the second week of the session is also unlikely to transact legislative business, barring essential financial exercise like the Union Budget
732, The fiscal deficit target for FY17 is likely to be 3.7% and the nominal gross domestic product (GDP) growth to be around 11 percent, says Chetan Ahya of Morgan Stanley.
733, Nilesh Shah of Envision Capital says that all eyes will be on recapitalization and reforms that the government will do more for the public sector banks. 
734, Analysts say there may be an excise duty hike of 10-17 percent in cigarettes in FY17. Motilal Oswal expects a blended excise duty increase of 10 percent. Higher-than-expected excise hikes may impact already dampened cigarette volumes. 
735, In Union Budget 2015-16, finance minister Arun Jaitley had said he expects the Indian economy to grow at 8-8.5 percent. However, it was later revised downward to 7.2 percent

736, Ashwani Gujral - Fund manager at ashwanigujral.com recommends buying State Bank of India, Hindustan Unilever, SKS Microfinance and LIC Housing Finance.
737, Jaitley had set a tall target of containing India's fiscal deficit to 3.9 percent this fiscal year, 3.5 percent in FY17 and 3 percent in FY18
738, Prakash Diwan of prakashdiwan.in has a positive view on UltraTech Cement with a target of Rs 3500 in next 6-9 months.
739, Shares of Interglobe Aviation gained 2.5 percent intraday Monday.
740, He expects to garner Rs 20,500 crore through strategic stake sale in FY17
741, Here is a look at the key players of this crack team involved in the preparation of the Union Budget 2016, that remains a top secret until the finance minister begins to deliver his speech.
742, Sudarshan Sukhani of s2analytics.com is of the view that one can buy ONGC and Hindalco Industries and advises selling TVS Motor and BEL.
743, A recent report states that startups in India are expected to raise USD 700 million and 5000 jobs in the next 12 months. The Startup India iniciative, launched in January by Narendra Modi, plans to move in the same direction by providing incentives to startups in the form better incubation, talent and capital.
744, In an interview to CNBC-TV18's Latha Venkatesh and Sonia Shenoy, Chris Roberts shared his expectations from Arun Jaitely's Union Budget and his outlook on the road ahead.
745, Under the scheme, the government expects to bring broadband in 2.5 lakh villages and universal phone connectivity by 2019. It also wants to create around 1.7 crore direct jobs and around 8.5 crore indirect jobs in the next four years.
746, The higher allocation is on account of the implementation of One Rank One Pension (OROP) and 7th Pay Commission
747, In an interview to CNBC-TV18’s Latha Venkatesh & Sonia Shenoy, Manishi Raychaudhuri of BNP Paribas expressed his expectations from Arun Jaitely’s Union Budget.
748, The company has received confirmation from DKT India to deliver male condoms worth Rs 2.95 crore between March & May 2016.
749, The finance minister in Budget 2015-16 had revised the target of renewable energy capacity to 1,75,000 MW till 2022, comprising 1,00,000 MW solar, 60,000 MW wind, 10,000 MW biomass and 5,000 MW small hydro
750, In an interview to CNBC-TV18's Udayan Mukherjee & Sonia Shenoy, Madhu Kela, Chief Invst Strategist at Reliance Capital and Ashok Wadhwa, Group CEO at Ambit Holdings gave their expectations on Arun Jaitely's Union Budget and their outlook on the road ahead.
751, With international oil prices slumping to 12-year low, it is being said that the government may, in the Budget next week, look at re-imposing 5 percent customs duty on crude oil imports to shore up its revenue by around Rs 18,000 crore.
752, ICICIDirect says it expects the government to announce additional capital infusion (compared to previously allocated Rs 70,000 crore for FY16-19 under Indradhanush plan), hike in FDI cap in public sector banks to 49 percent from 20 percent and formation of bad bank & capitalisation of the same.
753, In an interview to CNBC-TV18's Latha Venkatesh and Sonia Shenoy; HP Ranina, Corporate Lawyer; Sudhir Kapadia of EY and Ketan Dalal, Senior Tax partner at PwC India shared their expectations from Arun Jaitely's Union Budget and their outlook on the road ahead.
754, According to the global financial services major, a sharp fall in working age population growth has lowered potential growth in the US, Japan, Germany, France, Italy, the UK and Asia, and will continue to do so in the coming years.
755, The government will make the necessary amendments to Motor Vehicle Act as to open up road transport for passenger segment.
756, While the government announced Rs 5,300 crore to support micro-irrigation, watershed development and the Pradhan Mantri Krishi Sinchai Yojana (PMKSY) last year, the amount seemed to be fairly small for agriculture sector that engages the largest workforce—almost 50 percent.
757, The Economic Survey 2015-16, which was presented in the Lok Sabha on Thursday by Finance Minister Arun Jaitley, had pointed out there was uneven distribution of subsidies worth Rs 1 lakh crore, which was going to the better-off and those who did not deserve
758, Accordingly, the Pradhan Mantri Fasal Bima Yojana (PMFBY) replaces the existing two schemes, the National Agricultural Insurance Scheme (NAIS) and the Modified National Agricultural Insurance Scheme (MNAIS).
759, In an interview to CNBC-TV18's Shereen Bhan, Sanjay Reddy, VC, GVK Power & Infrastructure, Sumit Mazumder, President of CII and Rajiv Memani of EY expressed and discussed their expectations on Arun Jaitely's Union Budget.
760, This development comes to provide farmers with income security and a unified agriculture market scheme to enhance farmer access to markets.
761, Jaitley said CPI inflation has fallen to 5.4 percent despite two years of monsoon shortfall. He also said GDP growth has risen to 7.6 percent during the NDA government's tenure
762, The FM also announced hike in excise duty on aviation turbine fuel to 14 percent from 8 percent. Although this was not expected, the fact that excise duty on petrol and diesel, mostly used by the common man, was much higher than ATF, hinted at the possibility of such a hike.
763, Analysts say if the government re-imposes 5 percent customs duty on crude (which is currently zero) then it would be negative for OMCs and positive for upstream companies.
764, Despite government spending on education having more than doubled over the last decade, the system is suffering from poorly trained teachers, (and consequently quality of teaching) and a high drop-out rate among the poor.
765, Ashwani Gujral - Fund manager at ashwanigujral.com recommends selling Reliance Infrastructure, Reliance Capital and Cummins India.
766, In his Budget speech on Monday, Arun Jaitley reported that an amount of Rs 1 lakh crore was sanctioned to 2.5 crore borrowers by February 2016 under the PM Mudra scheme and has proposed an increased allocation of Rs 1.80 lakh crore for the same.
767, In his Budget speech in the Parliament today, Arun Jaitley said that an amount of Rs 9000 crore has been allotted for the Swachh Bharat Mission in the Union Budget and the government plans to award villages free from open defecation.
768, In an interview to CNBC-TV18's Udayan Mukherjee and Sonia Shenoy, Ramesh Damani, Member of BSE, Mahesh Nandurkar of CLSA and Shankar Sharma of First Global shared their expectations from Arun Jaitely's Union Budget and their outlook on the road ahead.
769, Finance Minister Arun Jaitley Monday announced the nine pillars on which Budget 2016 would be focussing. 
770, Opposition members were on their feet seeking to know the status of their notices against Irani for "misleading" the House on the Rohith Vemula issue.
771, Uday Kotak, Executive VC & MD, Kotak Mahindra Bank is slightly disappointed with the FM keeping the bank recapitalisation at Rs 25,000 core but is glad that the government has stuck to fiscal plan with 3.5% fiscal deficit target. 
772, In his speech, Jaitley indicated that the focus will be on infrastructure with subsequent focus on  improvement in quality of life. 
773, Ramesh Damani, Member, BSE said the market will surely find something to cheer soon and believes that the Finance Minister has chosen wisely by imposing STT and dividend distribution tax instead of tinkering with long-term capital gains tax.
774, Shares of Jain Irrigation Systems gained 7 percent intraday Monday as government is propose to spend Rs 86,500 crore on irrigation projects in five years.
775, Presenting his third Budget, Jaitley described Asia's third-largest economy as a bright spot in a gloomy global landscape but said the government wanted to ensure that the benefits of growth are more widely shared among India's 1.3 billion people.
776, Indian Finance Minister Arun Jaitley unveiled a Budget for the poor on Monday, announcing new rural aid and health programmes in a strategy shift that could boost his ruling party in coming state elections.
777, There are four public sector general insurance companies -- New India Assurance Company Ltd, National Insurance Company Ltd, Oriental Insurance Co Ltd, United India Insurance Co Ltd.
778, The government, Jaitley said, will also focus on infrastructure investment, financial sector reforms, fiscal discipline and tax reforms to reduce compliance burden.
779, Looking at the rising cases of renal disease and lack of affordable dialysis centre, Jaitley said the government will start a dialysis programme, for which the funds will be brought through public private partnership. 
780, Highlighting that the government targets to double the income of farmers in 5 years, he announced an allocation of Rs 35984 crore towards the farming sector.
781, Finance Minister Arun Jaitley has allocated Rs 9000 crore towards Swachh Bharat Mission in the Union Budget 2016-17.
782, "Additionally, as I will elaborate later, we will undertake significant reform including enactment of a law to ensure all government benefits are conferred to people who deserve it by giving a statutory backing to the Aadhar platform," Finance Minister Arun Jaitley said while announcing Union Budget 2016-17.
783, Sticking to fiscal prudence was the most important thing, which gives room for RBI to cut rates and would be disappointed if he did not see that come from RBI as early as today, says Vallabh Bhanshali, Chairman, Enam Securities.
784, The government has already approved two schemes to promote digital literacy - national digital literacy mission and digital saksharta abhiyan.
785, All the orders passed by the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Sebi) can be appealed in SAT.
786, "The duty drawback scheme has been widened and deepened to include more products and countries. The government will continue to take measures to support the export sector," Jaitley said in his Budget speech for 2016-17.
787, It will also set up a national hub in the Ministry of Micro Small and Medium Enterprises (MSME) in partnership with industry associations to provide professional support to scheduled caste/scheduled tribes (SC/ST) entrepreneurs, Finance Minister Arun Jaitley said while announcing Union Budget 2016-17 in Parliament.
788, Jaitley said the government has provided a path breaking crop insurance scheme 'Prime Minister Fasal Bima Yojana', for which Rs 5,500 crore has been allocated for effective implementation in 2016-17.
789, The fiscal deficit in current fiscal has been estimated at 3.9 percent, which will be brought down to 3.5 percent in next fiscal.
790, The government has already relaxed the FDI policy in over a dozen sectors, including defence, railway, medical devices and civil aviation.
791, IDBI Bank surged nearly 9 percent intraday Monday on the back of announcement by the Finance Minister saying government has option to reduce stake in the bank below 50 percent.
792, The automobile industry was expecting simplification of tax structures and a reduction in excise duties, among other initiatives to propel growth in electric vehicles
793, Shares of construction companies reacted positively as Finance Minister in Union Budget 2016-2017 has raised the personal income tax house rent exemption to Rs 60000 from Rs 24000 per year.
794, Samir Arora, Founder & Fund Manager at Helios Capital says the two biggest positives in the Budget presented were - no increase in the services tax, which was speculated to rise by 2 percent, and no change in capital gains tax. 

795, Finance Minister Arun Jaitley today said the the NITI Aayog will identify the state-owned companies which would be eligible for strategic sale.
796, While there is disappointment over lowered amount for recapitalization for public sector banks (PSBs) at Rs 25,000 crore, Deepak Parekh, Chairman of HDFC says that there no reason to be disappointed. 

797, Presenting Budget for 2016-17 in Parliament, Jaitley said infrastructure is one of the strong pillars of economy and "exemplary" and "proactive" steps by government to remove hurdles resulted in India awarding highest ever road contracts in 2015 as well as highest ever sales of motor vehicles which are clearly "signs of growth".
798, Finance Minister Arun Jaitley unveiled a budget for the poor on Monday, announcing new rural aid and health programmes in a strategy shift that could boost his ruling party in coming state elections.
799, Chokani also commended the borrowing figure, which has decreased from the previous year. This he thinks would be taken positively by the bond markets. He also discussed the fiscal deficit number, which according to him is real and credible.
800, With regard to small units having a turnover of Rs 5 crore, the corporate tax rate has been reduced from 30 percent to 29 percent, Finance Minister Arun Jaitley said in the Budget 2016-17 tabled in the Lok Sabha.
801, The market was expecting a reduction of up to 4 percentage points in import duty from 10 percent.
802, The country's annual subsidy is about Rs 73,000 crore, a majority of which is paid to the manufacturers of controlled fertiliser urea.
803, Shares of Maruti Suzuki slipped 5 percent intraday Monday on announcement by Finance Minister, Arun Jaitley to levy 1-4 percent infrastructure cess on cars, SUVs and higher engine capacity vehicles.
804, Ashok Wadhwa, Group CEO at Ambit Holdings says this Budget is all about appeasing smaller tax payers, which the government has managed to do.
805, Construction companies like DLF and NBCC rose 3-6 percent intraday Monday as government has proposed 100 percent deduction to undertakings for construction under affordable housing. 
806, The farming sector has been allocated around Rs 36,000 crore, while spending on irrigation has been trebled to around Rs 17,000 crore. Around Rs 5,500 crore has been earmarked for the crop insurance scheme, and Rs 19,000 crore for rural roads.
807, "Rs 38,500 crore have been allocated for MGNREGA in 2016-17. If the total amount is spent, it will be highest budget spend on MGNREGA," Jaitely said in his Budget speech in Lok Sabha.
808, Presenting the Union Budget for 2016-17, Jaitley said the proposed bill to amend the Companies Act 2013 will remove the difficulties and impediments to ease of doing business.
809, Presenting the third Budget, Finance Minister Arun Jaitley also proposed a 'Krishi Kalyan' cess of 0.5 percent on all taxable services to improve agriculture and reduction of duties on project imports for cold room for cold chain, refrigerated containers and a number of other items.
810, The government plans to open the compliance window under the Income Tax Disclosure Scheme from June 1 to September 30 2016 with option to pay amount due within 2 months of declaration.
811, Read Arun Jaitley's full Budget speech in Lok Sabha
812, The comments come even after Jaitley stuck to a fiscal deficit target of 3.5 percent of gross domestic product for the 2016/17 year, sparking gains in bond markets.
813, The scheme seeks to popularise the use of unbranded generic medicines to bring down actual expenses on medicines for the common man and make health care affordable and safe.
814, The Krishi Kalyan Cess, at 0.5 percent will be levied on all taxable services effective June 1, 2016. 
815, C Rangarajan, former Chairman of the Prime Minister’s Economic Advisory Council and ex-Governor of the Reserve Bank, believes the government may not have fully provided for the implementation of the recommendations of the 7th pay commission 
816, The Finance Minister proposed a cess of 1 percent on small petrol, LPG and CNG cars, 2.5 percent on diesel cars of certain capacity and 4 percent on other high-powered vehicles and SUVs.
817, "Let us look at our achievement compared to last three years of the previous government when the growth had decelerated to 6.3 percent. The growth of GDP has now accelerated to 7.6 percent," he said during the presentation of the Budget 2016-17 proposals in the Lok Sabha.
818, The decision will be a big relief for employers as they are required to make mandatory contribution of 8.33 percent of employees' basic wage towards EPS.
819, "In the recent past, there have been rising instances of people in various parts of the country being defrauded by illicit deposit taking schemes. The worst victims of these schemes are the poor and the financially illiterate. The operation of such schemes are often spread over many States.
820, Shares of Multi Commodity Exchange of India (MCX India) rose 8 percent intraday Monday. Finance Minister Arun Jaitley announced that the foreign companies can increase stake in local stock exchanges to 15 percent from 5 percent.
821, Besides, the government may consider bringing down its stake in state-owed IDBI Bank to below 50 percent, he said while presenting Budget 2016-17 in the Lok Sabha.
822, "Unfortunately, what was needed to be done has not been done. Biggest challenge which we face today is in employment and agriculture sectors. There is not anything on that," Congress leader Kamal Nath said.
823, "To provide better access to financial services, especially in rural areas, we will undertake a massive nationwide rollout of ATMs and micro ATMs in post offices over the next three years," Finance Minister Arun Jaitley said in his Budget speech for 2016-17.
824, To provide a stable and predictable taxation regime, Finance Minister Arun Jaitley in Budget 2016-17 came out with a 'Direct Tax Dispute Resolution Scheme' to resolve cases pending in any Court, Tribunal, Arbitration or mediation under the Bilateral Investment Protection Agreement (BIPA).
825, The Finance Minister also announced an additional tax relief of Rs 50,000 per annum on a loan of Rs 35 lakh in 2016-17 for the first-time home buyers, provided the house cost does not exceed Rs 50 lakh.
826, The subsidy bill on food, petroleum and fertilisers is estimated at Rs 2,31,781.61 crore for 2016-17 fiscal, according to the Budget proposals presented by Finance Minister Arun Jaitley in Parliament.
827, The decision announced in the 2016-17 Budget speech by Finance Minister Arun Jaitley also comes against the backdrop of demand from various stakeholders who have been seeking higher foreign direct investment (FDI) in stock bourses.
828, From the market point of view, he says corporate earnings still haven’t improved and the valuations too continue to remain at 3-4% premium to long-term average, says Vetri Subramaniam of Religare Invesco Mutual Fund.
829, Shares of Aptech gained 4 percent intraday Monday as government announced the setting up of high education financing agency with Rs 1000 crore capital.
830, In the insurance and pension sectors, foreign investment will be allowed through automatic route for up to 49 per cent subject to the guidelines on Indian management and control, to be verified by the regulators.
831, Similar views were echoed by other ministers of the ruling party with Union minister Mukhtar Abbas Naqvi calling it a "perfect, people-friendly and progressive Budget".
832, Jaitley's predecessor P Chidambaram had used 'growth' 32 times during his interim budget speech in February 2014, but the word 'investment' was spoken only 11 times by him.
833, Fadnavis noted that the Budget addresses the real challenges before the nation and is pro-poor, pro-farmer along with being growth-oriented.
834, After entering the House, Jaitley walked towards the seat of former Prime Minister Manmohan Singh, a well-known economist.
835, Jaitley allocated Rs 1400 crore as plan outlay, while Rs 192 crore was set aside for non-plan for a total figure of Rs 1592 crore. Last year the total allocation was Rs 1541.13 crore.
836, The government has been considering reducing export duty on iron ore as it wants to help revive the mining industry, which is facing tough times due to softening of global commodity market.
837, A complete information repository for corporate bonds, covering both primary and secondary market segments will be developed jointly by Reserve Bank of India (RBI) and Sebi.
838, The ceramics & granite stocks, including Nitco, HSIL, Somany Ceramics and Euro Ceramics gained post government allocation of Rs 9000 crore towards Swachh Bharat Mission.
839, According to Shishir Baijal, Chairman & Managing Director, Knight Frank India the Union Budget augers well for the real estate sector, having addressed Affordable Housing, REIT and Infrastructure.
840, Though there is no increase in income tax deduction for the insurance premium payment, finance minister offers the insurance buyer cheaper insurance policies.
841, In a step towards development, government aims to develop 300 rurban clusters under the Shyama Prasad Mukherjee Rurban Mission and announces 100 percent village electrification by 1st May, 2018.
842, The Sensex is up 49.15 points or 0.2 percent at 23203.45 and the Nifty is up 21.75 points or 0.3 percent at 7051.50. About 1133 shares have advanced, 1184 shares declined, and 152 shares are unchanged.
843, Jason Kothari, CEO of Housing.com expects the real estate sector to benefit from the government's focus on the infrastructure sector, notably roads and highways, and its promise of a new more effective credit rating system of infra projects that will enable high quality projects to attract more funding.
844, Experts say, the Budget focuses on various reforms in order to lift growth and this in turn would help in creating more jobs, especially in sectors like pharma, healthcare, IT, education, FMCG and most certainly internet focused sector.
845, Basic Customs Duty is being increased for primary aluminium from 5 percent to 7.5 percent and that on aluminium products from 7.5 percent to 10 percent, Finance Minister Arun Jaitley said while delivering his Budget speech for 2016-17 in the Lok Sabha today.
846, "Overall, this is a positive Budget for the rural sector that we cater to and the plans outlayed will help increase rural demand," Chairman HK Bhanwala told PTI when sought his comments on the Budget presented by Finance Minister Arun Jaitley today.
847, "The Budget has allocated initial sums of Rs 100 crore each for celebrating the birth centenary of Pandit Deendayal Upadhyay and the 350th birth anniversary of Guru Gobind Singh," Finance Minister Arun Jaitley said while presenting General Budget 2016-17 in Lok Sabha.
848, In order to bring parity between various other instruments and the NPS there is a proposal to exempt 40 per cent of the receipt from a superannuation fund and a withdrawal from the Employees Provident Fund (EPF) and tax the remaining amount
849, Presenting the Budget for 2016-17, Finance Minister Arun Jaitley said the government is drawing up an action plan for revival of unserved and underserved airports.
850, ITC, SBI, Axis Bank, Reliance and SpicJet stocks are most active.

851, Jaitley also proposed to amend section 35AD of the Income-tax Act so as to reduce the deduction from 150 percent to 100 percent in the case of a cold chain facility, warehousing facility for storage of agricultural produce, production of fertiliser among others effective from April 1.
852, India had introduced "place of effective management" rules last year to tax companies where key management and commercial decisions are made in India as local entities.
853, Minister of state for finance, Jayant Sinha in an interview to CNBC-TV18, said the government has not only adhered to the fiscal deficit target, it has also increased public investment in a significant manner
854, Under the gold bond scheme, investors are given the option to buy bonds in denominations of 5, 10, 50 or 100 grams for a term of 5-7 years with a rate of interest to be calculated on the value of the metal at the time of investment.
855, In the back drop of emergence of around 2.2 lakh patients of End Stage Renal Disease in India every year and resulting in additional demand for 3.4 crore dialysis sessions, the government will also initiate a National Dialysis Services Programme to provide dialysis services in all district hospitals.
856, "The RBI Act 1934, is being amended to provide statutory basis for a Monetary Policy Framework and a Monetary Policy Committee through the Finance Bill 2016," Finance Minister Arun Jaitley said while unveiling the Budget for 2016-17 in the Lok Sabha.
857, This is the first time that the IT department is witnessing a re-designation of posts, from top to bottom, to include grievance redressal and taxpayer services as an essential charge of work, albeit, by using the existing manpower of the department.
858, ICICI Bank, Lupin, Reliance, Dr Reddy's and Tata Steel are top gainers while ONGC, Maruti, Infosys, BHEL and Wipro are major losers in the Sensex.
859, Party leader Baijayant Panda also lauded the Union Finance Minister for not resorting to a "populist" budget despite polls being around the corner in many states.
860, S&P said it would wait for the government to improve its net debt and fiscal consolidation and does not expect to change India's BBB- rating with a 'stable' outlook until next year.
861, Unveiling the Budget proposals for 2016-17 in Parliament, Jaitley described "education, skills and job creation" to make India a knowledge-based and productive society as one of the 'nine pillars' that will transform the country.
862, R Shankar Raman, Whole-Time Director and CFO, L&T, says the government has failed to recognize role of Public Private Partnership (PPP) in both the sectors.
863, ICICI, ITC, Lupin, Reliance and Dr Reddy's Labs are top gainers while ONGC, Maruti, Infosys, BHEL and Axis Bank are losers in the Sensex.
864, "The change in duty structure will encourage manufacturing of consumer premise equipments like modems, routers, digital video recorder, STB for internet, IP camera. We expect investment of about Rs 10,000 crore for their local production.
865, On not increasing the tax slab rates, he said there is an attempt to increase the tax base and simplify tax structure.
866, The revised estimates have pegged the disinvestment receipts from minority stake sale in PSUs at Rs 25,312 crore, as against the target of Rs 41,000 crore. It does not expect any revenues from strategic stake sale.
867, Shares of Max Financial Services gained 4 percent intraday as Finance Minister Arun Jaitley in his Union Budget 16-17 has recommended the launch new health care scheme with Rs 1 lakh as cover per family.
868, Reacting to the Arun Jaitley’s Budget speech, Dinesh Kanabar, CEO of Dhruva Advisors said the FM's decision to get some state-run companies to issue bonus debentures instead of dividends was a positive as it would reduce the strain on their cash positions.

869, Shares of the company, controlled by billionaire Anil Agarwal, rose as much as 3 percent after a Budget document said the import duty on aluminium will be raised to 7.5 percent from 5 percent while the export duty on low-quality iron ore fines would be scrapped.
870, Jaitley on Monday gave relief to small tax payers, nudged the affluent to shell out more while focusing on the rural economy with much higher fiscal outlays.
871, In the backdrop of the prevailing global scenario, Budget 2016 a good pragmatic balancing act, says Girish Vanvari, National Head of Tax at KPMG India.
872, The estimated receipts from communication services for next year is around double of the revised estimates for the current financial year at Rs 56,034.35 crore.
873, The agency which is dealing with several financial crimes like Chit fund scam, Vyapam scam among others which are spread across states needed funds to effectively conduct its probe, sources said.
874, In his Budget speech, Finance Minister Arun Jaitley also spoke about creating a regulatory architecture for ten public and ten private institutions to emerge as world-class teaching and research institutions.
875, Shares of Arvind declined more than 7 percent intraday Monday post government imposed higher excise on readymade garments priced at Rs 1000 or more.
876, The government also exempted from service tax construction of affordable houses up to 60 sq metres under any scheme of the central or state government including PPP schemes.
877, "The Budget is development-oriented. It is in the interest of poor, farmers, and youth. There is special focus on agriculture, infrastructure, rural development, education and social sectors," Paswan tweeted.
878, According to Jaijit Bhattacharya, Partner – Infrastructure and Government Services, KPMG India, the Budget appears to focus on building the fundamentals of the economy and the economic & financial institutions.
879, ONGC, BHEL, Maruti, Infosys and L&T were major losers while ICICI Bank, HDFC Bank, Reliance, SBI and Dr Reddy's Labs were major gainers in the Sensex.
880, As per Khaitan & Co's Dinesh Agrawal, the government's plan to mop-up additional revenue from indirect tax may not materialise, especially from jewellery and garments sectors.
881, Reacting to Finance Minister Arun Jaitley's proposals in the Budget 2016-17, Apollo Hospitals Group Chairman Prathap C Reddy said: "Healthcare has finally taken the centre stage in the Budget.
882, Krishi Kalyan Cess will be levied on all taxable services at the rate of 0.5 percent with effect from June 1, 2016, to finance and promote initiatives to improve agriculture, Finance Minister Arun Jaitley said in his Budget speech.
883, Nishant Arya, Executive Director of JBM Group is of the view that the Budget 2016 is good and focus now turns to what happens to GST.
884, Dharmesh Mehta of Axis Caital says while the capitalization of public sector banks is smaller than expected, there are positives like no move on the long-term capital gains tax. 
885, Union Finance Minister Arun Jaitley, in the Budget presented today, increased Excise duty on tobacco products by 10 to 15 percent, but exempted bidis.
886, "DDT is considered to be one of the biggest hurdles left in making REITs financially viable. The government has already taken various steps to ease path for REITs. With most of the hurdles getting removed, we may see introduction of REITs here soon," Colliers International India Senior Associate Director, Research, Surabhi Arora said.
887, Renaming the Clean Energy Cess as Clean Environment Cess, Finance Minister Arun Jaitley in his Budget speech for 2016-17 today proposed to raise the cess on coal, lignite and peat from the current Rs 200 a tonne to Rs 400 per tonne.
888, To provide a stable and predictable taxation regime, Finance Minister Arun Jaitley in Budget 2016-17 came out with a 'Direct Tax Dispute Resolution Scheme' to resolve cases pending in any Court, Tribunal, Arbitration or mediation under the Bilateral Investment Protection Agreement (BIPA).
889, "This Budget is pro-village, pro-poor, pro-farmer. The main focus is to bringing about qualitative change in the country," Modi said, adding "there will be a big change in the lives of common people."
890, The government is drawing up a comprehensive plan, spanning next 15-20 years, to boost investment in nuclear power generation.
891, The garment industry in Punjab described the levy as "most deplorable" step and said that prices of ready made garments will go up in the range of 2 to 5 percent.
892, "This (cleanliness) subject was very close to the heart of the Father of the Nation Mahatma Gandhi. The government has allocated Rs 9,000 crore for Swachh Bharat Abhiyan," Union Finance Minister Arun Jaitley said while presenting the general Budget for 2016-17 in Lok Sabha.
893, However, Congress described it as "jugglery of words" and said that it is "unconstitutional" on the part of Finance Minister to dole out dreams of 2022 when the government has so far got the mandate till 2019.
894, Milind Kamble further said the proposed hub will play the role of "match-maker" between the government agencies who place orders and the suppliers, so that the former cannot complain about not having access to enterprises floated by the Backward Classes people.
895, "It is a common man's Budget as all the priorities have been included to cater to the needs of the 'aam aadmi'. It is the Budget of the farmers, poor and villagers," Singh said in a statement.
896, "The Union Budget continues to rightly focus on rural and infrastructure sector. The planned investment in these two critical sectors will not only create jobs but also give impetus to demand generation and economic growth," Walmart India President and CEO Krish Iyer said.
897, The Government had earlier proposed imposing the GAAR from April 1, 2015, for those claiming tax benefit of over Rs 3 crore. The rules are aimed at minimising tax avoidance for investments made by entities based in tax havens.
898, It is proposed to provide a uniform tax treatment to the recognised provident fund, national pension system and superannuation fund, Finance Minister Arun Jaitley said while presenting Union Budget 2016-17 in Lok Sabha today.
899, In the Union Budget for the 2016-17 financial year, presented by Finance Minister Arun Jaitley in Lok Sabha today, the Government-run carrier has been allocated Rs 1,713 crore as part of the Rs 30,0231 crore financial bailout package.
900, Presenting the general Budget in Parliament, Finance Minister Arun Jaitley announced an outlay of Rs 77,383.12 crore to the Home Ministry of which Rs 67,408.12 crore is under non-plan and Rs 9,975 crore under plan heads.
901, With highways sector becoming a focus area for the Narendra Modi government, the game changing initiatives include upgradation of 50,000 kms of state highways into national highways, rolling out of 85 per cent of the stuck Rs 1 lakh crore projects and construction and award of 10,000 km roads each.
902, It has been a practise for some years to cut budgeted Plan expenditure at the revised estimate stage to keep a tab on burgeoning fiscal deficit.
903, In his Budget speech today, the Finance Minister said the government has been able to improve its budgeted expenditure due to revenue buoyancy in the current fiscal, despite a steep cut in central share of taxes.
904, Union Finance Minister Arun Jaitley said government is drawing up a comprehensive plan, spanning next 15 to 20 years, to augment the investment in nuclear power generation.
905, The minister informed that average price of single cylinder LPG connection across all the states is Rs 3,400.
906, It also burdened commoners by way of "inflationary" indirect taxation, he said.
907, Unveiling the Union Budget for 2016-17, Finance Minister Arun Jaitley said he proposes to "raise the surcharge from 12 percent to 15 percent on persons, other than companies, firms and cooperative societies having income above Rs 1 crore".
908, The increase would be virtually applicable to airlines operating from all airports since the proposal for SCAs and the regional connectivity scheme are yet to be implemented.
909, Mayur Shah, Managing Director of Marathon Group is of the view that Finance Minister has presented a Budget that promises economic growth through digitisation, rural and skill development and heavy expenditure on infrastructure.
910, Reacting to the Budget proposals here, the Chief Minister was all praise for the goal to double the income of farmers in five years and the provision of Rs 35,984 crore for their welfare.
911, "Budget 2016-17 has the potential to give a big boost to India's economic growth with employment generation, while reducing social imbalances that have marred our country's development since Independence," he said in a statement.
912, The move is aimed at prompting such units to expeditiously complete their projects and begin operations.
913, Raamdeo Agarwal, Motilal Oswal, says 1 percent infra cess on cars will not be a big dampener for auto companies.

914, The Budget focused heavily on the rural population with funds for de-stressing rural economy and strengthening the infrastructure. However the budget maybe a disappointment for the real estate industry with very few initiatives taken towards reviving the sector, says Ajay Jain, Head – Real Estate Group, Centrum Capital.
915, Overall, we welcome the budget and hope these are implemented in a time bound manner so that all stakeholders can gain from it and country can achieve its ambitious growth targets, says Manish Goel, Managing Director, Shilpi Cable Technologies.
916, "The Union Budget has done a great job of ensuring fiscal prudence, increasing indirect tax collection and ensuring an accommodative stance with regard to domestic industry," says Tushar Pradhan- CIO, Global Asset Management, India.
917, The Budget is not people-centric and for West Bengal, there is nothing in the Union Budget," Mitra told reporters here.
918, As a result of a new levy, Krishi Kalyan cess, on all services, activities including eating out, watching movies in theaters and payment of bills, will also become more expensive.
919, The country's debt to GDP ratio falling to below 60 percent would bring a "clear upside" to the sovereign ratings, Curry said. It currently stands at 67 percent.
920, According to Jayant Manglik, President, Retail Distribution at Religare Securities, Budget 2016 focused on developing agriculture, rural markets and the middle class which are important for our growth over the next several years.
921, Of the total amount allotted in the 2016-17 Budget, Rs 300 crore has been marked as planned expenditure and Rs 5,610.34 crore as non-plan expenditure. Budgetary allocation for 2015-16 was Rs 4,979.48 crore.
922, On expenditure side, the biggest component is states share of taxes and duties with 23 paise followed by interest payment with 19 percent.
923, Calling it an "unprecedented" decision, Badal said the allocation for observing the tenth Sikh Guru's birthday celebrations was a matter of great pride and a "supreme gift" for Sikhs across the globe.
924, Congratulating Finance Minister Arun Jaitley on presenting an "excellent" budget, the Home Minister said it was a "pro-farmer, pro-poor and pro-reform budget".
925, Out of the total Rs 324.43 crore from non-plan segment, Rs 159 crore has been set aside for secretariat economic services and Rs 137.43 crore towards corporate law regulation related activities.
926, "Only yesterday Prime Minister Narendra Modi had said that the budget was like an exam for him. I must say that he and his Finance Minister Arun Jaitley have passed the examination very well. I compliment both of them," Paul, Chairman and Founder of Caparo Group, said in a statement here.
927, The proposal to provide additional exemption of Rs 50,000 for housing loans up to Rs 35 lakh is quite optimistic, says Navin Makhija, Managing Director, The Wadhwa group.
928, Currently, capital gains tax is levied on consolidation or merger of multiple plans within a mutual fund (MF) scheme.
929, "We look at the Union Budget as a successful one, given the current global scenario, the space to maneuver was rather limited, says Arun Gopalan, Vice President, Research at Systematix Shares & Stocks.
930, JD(U) leader K C Tyagi also criticised the Budget for its lack of roadmaps for the agriculture or rural sectors.
931, The telecom sector is rising very fast, says telecom minister Ravi Shankar Prasad, highlighting that it has seen the highest foreign direct investment (FDI) inflow in the last 5 years, improved transparency in spectrum auction and consistently growing mobile manufacturing, which has reached 10 crore units in 2015.
932, Measures such as no change in service tax, reduced corporate tax for new companies and ease of doing business for new age start ups are definitely encouraging are sure to spur consumption led growth in the country, says Ullas Kamath, Joint Managing Director, Jyothy Laboratories. 
933, According to Kamlesh Rao, CEO at Kotak Securities, Union Budget 2016 has struck a fine balance between fiscal prudence and providing growth boosters to the economy.
934, The general Budget 2016-17 earmarked an amount of Rs 3,205 cr for the development of 100 smart cities across the country by 2020, while nearly Rs 4,091 crore for AMRUT.
935, Scrapping of dividend distribution tax on Real Estate Investment Trusts (REITs) would help developers to raise funds, as this makes investments attractive for investors, says Venkatesh Gopalkrishnan, President and CIO of Shapoorji Pallonji Real Estate.
936, The Union Budget has prioritised expenditure on the rural, farm and infrastructure sectors, with robust allocations for roads and railways that would support economic growth, says Naresh Takkar, MD & Group CEO, ICRA.
937, Revenue Secretary Hasmukh Adhia also says the Finance Bill will lay retrospective tax resolution process into a law
938, The 2016-17 Union Budget has a clear thrust for the rural economy while taxing urban and the top of the pyramid consumption, says Ritesh Jain, CIO of Tata Asset Management.
939, This budget provides some of the long standing stimulus needed to drive growth in the segment, says Sriram Mahadevan, Business Head - Happinest, Mahindra Lifespaces.
940, Rana Kapoor, MD & CEO, YES Bank feels that FY17 Budget has provided a strong growth direction to the Indian economy. The Finance Minister has managed to balance the need to prioritise social sector requirements with economic and business imperatives.
941, Congress Vice President Rahul Gandhi asserted that the budget's "mere rhetoric", without vision or action, will fool neither farmers nor the poor of this country while former Prime Minister Manmohan Singh said it was a "nit picking" budget and there is "no big idea" in the annual exercise.
942, At USD 35 per barrel oil price, this essentially means Oil and Natural Gas Corp (ONGC) will have to pay Rs 3,500 per ton cess on crude oil it produces from fields given to it on nomination basis. The same will be the rate for Cairn India's Rajasthan oil fields.
943, Finance Minister Arun Jaitley in Budget for 2016-17 said the FDI policy has to address the requirements of farmers and food processing industry as a lot of fruits and vegetables grown by farmers either do not fetch the right prices or fail to reach the market.
944, 100 percent tax deduction to entities constructing 30 sq metre houses in 4 metros n 60 sq mtrs in other areas is a major booster to the affordable housing sector, says Rajesh Prajapati, MD, Prajapati Constructions.
945, A positive budget for the real estate sector says Manju Yagnik, Vice Chairperson, Nahar Group
946, Travelkhana CEO and Co-Founder Pushpinder Singh said, "The Budget has been quiet on certain aspects (like GST) although some future actions have been promised. We would have to wait and watch out for those initiatives." 
947, Mocking Modi, who had yesterday said he had an exam today with reference to the budget, Kumar said, "The result is out and he failed to pass." The Bihar Chief Minister also targeted the Centre for the compliance window for blackmoney holders.
948, However, Finance Minister Arun Jaitley made no mention of the defence allocation for 2016-17 in his Budget speech.
949, In a sharp attack on the government, Congress said it has "failed to create an immediate stimulus" to address economic challenges including employment generation with former Prime Minister Manmohan Singh holding that it lacked any "big idea".
950, "By not focusing the benefits of #UnionBudget2016 on the #suitboot (reference to corporate) people, @arunjaitley has cleverly made the opposition's job a bit tougher," Omar Abdullah tweeted.
951, Noting that the Union Budget was "nothing but a mere statement", a farmers' outfit criticised the Centre for not announcing any step for implementing Swaminathan Commission report and waiving off mounting debt as demanded by farmers.
952, The government has focused predominantly on the development of agriculture sector, which should aid rural demand generation, says Alok Sanghi, Director, Sanghi Industries.
953, While expressing concern over the proposal to privatise road transport sector, Jayalalithaa, however, welcomed proposals such as the Health Insurance Scheme which she said was 'similar' to the one being implemented by her government.
954, After the announcement of the Union Budget for fiscal year 2016-17, Piyush Goyal told CNBC-TV18 that by the end of 2017, the government will ensure to provide electricity to 18452 villages located in remote locations and aims to provide electricity 24/7 to every household in India by 2019.
955, Rajiv Gandhi, CEO & MD, Hester Biosciences is of the view that agriculture, village and infra are focus areas of Budget 2016.
956, The Finance Minister has managed to carve out a well-balanced budget proposition with a good spread of focus across major sectors while addressing issues of business and economic relevance, says Naveen Surya, MD, ItzCash.
957, Shashi Kiran Shetty, Founder & Chairman of Allcargo Logistics is of the view that it is a realistic budget with more focus on rural and infrastructure development while keeping the fiscal deficit in check.
958, Arvind Panagariya, Vice-Chairman of NITI Aayog, however, declined any comment on whether the privatisation process will be extended to other profit making companies as well. 
959, Brotin Banerjee, Managing Director & CEO, Tata Housing Development Company is of the view that Budget announced this year is a progressive budget and indicated the Government's desire to move towards higher GDP.
960, As per the Budget documents, the government estimates gross tax revenue of Rs 16,30,888 crore in 2016-17 against revised gross tax revenue of Rs 14,59,611 crore in the current fiscal year -- a growth of 11.73 percent.
961, "This budget is not constructive, nor is it creative. It is stereotype and routine. We are left with no option, but to call it a hopeless budget," TMC, which rules West Bengal, said in a statement here.
962, Providing succour to two sectoral
watchdogs, the government will exempt "regulatory services"
provided by Sebi and Irda from the service tax ambit.
963, "PM Modi got rusticated in the 'examination' for lying to and cheating the people by offering nothing for any section of the society in the Budget which he had promised before Parliamentary polls in 2014.
964, The Sagarmala project has already been rolled out, he said, adding that government has initiated a series of steps to modernise and expand the capacity of its 12 major ports.
965, Kamal Khetan – CMD, Sunteck Realty is of the view that the Finance Minister has taken a cautious, yet courageous path with his Budget announcements. It will reap long-term benefits for the economy on a whole.
966, According to T V Narendran, Managing Director, Tata Steel India & SEA, Union Budget presented by the Arun Jaitley, focuses on policy and taxation reforms needed to provide impetus to the economy and reflects the government’s commitment to improve the Ease of Doing Business.
967, The Budgeted target for borrowing in current fiscal was Rs 4.5 lakh crore, but the government will raise only Rs 4.4 lakh crore from the markets, as per the Budget papers presented by Finance Minister Arun Jaitley in Parliament today.
968, The proposal, however, did not get enthusiastic response with companies saying there is no tax liability on them as they had not done anything wrong.
969, In an interview with CNBC-TV18, Chief Economic Advisor (CEA), Arvind Subramanian says that Aadhar is one of the key aspects of this Budget, which will help smoothen transmission of subsidies.
970, According to Sunil Godhwani, Chairman & MD, Religare Enterprises, overall the Budget is a good and well balanced one. The narrative is structured and elaborate and has attempted to do everything by ticking almost all the right boxes. 
971, The Union Budget 2016 presented today had two areas that analysts had a bone to pick with: the continuation of the bank recapitalization target at Rs 25,000 crore and the lofty aim of divesting government stakes Rs 56,000 crore.
972, India unveiled a fire-fighting budget on Monday that seeks to win back support among rural voters for Prime Minister Narendra Modi's government and sustain growth against a grim global backdrop - all without borrowing more.
973, Consequently, popular cigarettes brands such as Gold Flake Kings and Wills Classic will cost up to Rs 125, dearer by nearly Rs 15 per pack of 10 sticks, while those of premium brands like Marlboro and Benson & Hedges will cost about Rs 250 pack of 20 cigarettes, up by more than Rs 30.
974, The minister also said the introduction of direct benefit transfer (DBT) on pilot basis in fertilisers will empower the farmers and at the same time it will help in balanced fertilisation.
975, The Budget for fiscal year 2016-17 has brought back the focus to rural economy and rightly so as this segment has been experiencing a tough time following two years of insufficient monsoon, says Chandra Shekhar Ghosh, Founder, MD and CEO, Bandhan Bank.
976, Surendra Hiranandani, Chairman & Managing Director, House of Hiranandani is of the view that Budget 2016 outlined the shift in focus to the rural economy as the finance minister introduced a slew of taxes and cess to be imposed on services to help rural welfare programmes.
977, As per the expenditure Budget, Rs 2,710 crore will be allocated for setting up of optical fibre base network for Defence in lieu of spectrum it has freed for commercial use.
978, "Every Budget has two sides. It is impossible to satisfy everyone but one has to look to the basics, whether the Budget is going to help the economy," Hinduja said.
979, Senior Congress leader and former commerce minister Anand Sharma says this is not an inspirational Budget. He does not think Budget 2016 will lift growth or even encourage investment. He also says the Budget has not given a fillip to savings
980, Centre, which holds 10.95 percent equity in the Phase III, will provide Rs 193 crore for its completion. The amount, that was Rs 1,006.64 crore last year, has seen a substantial reduction on the deadline year.
981, Out of the total allocation, Rs 4,720 crore has been given to the Ministry under plan outlay, while Rs 9,942.66 crore has been set aside as non-plan expenditure.
982, he budget does well on flooring downside risks: the Fisc & macro stay controlled, in an uncertain growth/global environment, says CITI.
983, Overall, the budget is a positive surprise, relative to our expectations, says Sonal Verma of Nomura.
984, Najib Shah Chairman, Central Board of Excise & Customs (CBEC) says, the government will also gain marginally by the way of Make in India programme.
985, The Aam Aadmi’s Budget?
986, Focussed on incentivising domestic value addition to help Make in India, Finance Minister Arun Jaitley today said suitable changes are proposed to be made in customs and excise duty rates on certain inputs, raw materials, intermediaries and components and certain other goods.
987, Oil marketing companies gained due to non-imposition of custom duty on crude oil imports. HPCL rallied over 4 percent followed by BPCL and IOC with marginal gains.
988, A panel of political experts share their view on Union Budget 2016 presented by Arun Jaitley.
989, Room for RBI rate cut opens up, as early as in the April 2016 policy meeting, following government sticking to both FY16 and FY17’s fiscal deficit target, says Soumyajit Niyogi, Associate Director - Credit & Market Research Group, India Ratings & Research.
990, "The Budget presented by the Modi-led government has no new tax concessions. While there were big expectations on increasing the income-tax slab, no such thing has been announced. This has led to big disappointment among the tax paying middle classes and salaried persons," he said.
991, The Budget 2016-17 has proposed an additional Rs 50,000 deduction on interest on loans for first home buyers and 100 percent deduction for profit on development of affordable housing, besides exempting REITs from dividend distribution tax.
992, The government had earlier provided benefit of up to 100 percent accelerated depreciation (AD) to certain industrial sectors to give impetus to investment.
993, Budget 2016 allocates a comprehensive gigantic outlay of Rs 2,21,246 crores for the infrastructure sector, including railways.  
994, According to the revised estimates for 2015-16, the allocation of the I&B Ministry was Rs 3,588.58 crore while for the financial year 2016-17 it has been increased to Rs 4,083.63 crore.
995, Shares of Titan Company declined 4.3 percent to close at Rs 316.35 on the BSE. Among others, Gitanjali Gems, Goenka Diamond, PC Jeweller, Renaissance Jewellery, Tara Jewels and Tribhovandas Bhimji Zaveri were down 1-3.6 percent at close.
996, Here is the list of items getting cheaper and costlier for you post Arun Jaitley’s Budget 2016.
997, Finance Minister Arun Jaitley today proposed 1 percent excise duty on jewellery without input credit or 12.5 percent with input tax credit on jewellery excluding silver other than studded with diamonds and some other precious stones.
998, The government has, though, tried to expand the tax space, gone in for simplification in tax laws, emphasized on tax dispute resolution and come out with ways to benefit the lower income groups, says Rajiv Memani, Chairman of India Region, EY.
999, In the words of Chanakya, “Governments should collect taxes like a honeybee, which sucks just the right amount of honey from the flower so that both can survive".
1000, Abheek Barua, Chief Economist at HDFC Bank is of the view that government committed to a fiscal deficit to GDP target of 3.5 percent for 2016-17. 
1001, Finance Minister Arun Jaitley's third Budget marked a strategic shift by addressing rural distress in a country of 1.3 billion, where two-fifths of families rely on farming and are reeling from two years of drought.
1002, Relief to small tax payers, simplification and rationalisation of taxation and use of technology are some important elements in personal taxation.
1003, "With more capital coming in, we will also be able to have meaningful discussions with banks to resolve bad loans," the company's Managing Director and Chief Executive Vinayak Bahuguna told PTI.
1004, The Environment Ministry has got Rs 2,250.34 crore in the 2016-17 Union Budget unveiled by Finance Minister Arun Jaitley today in Parliament, of which Rs 2,000 cr is under plan head and Rs 250.34 cr under non plan.
1005, Reduction in litigation and providing certainty in taxes has also been a key focus point in this year’s Budget
1006, On one hand the industry would take a sigh of relief as this would render such transactions outside the purview of VAT however, on the other hand levy of Service tax would result in significant blockage of funds in credits. 
1007, Overall budget has tried to strike a balance in promoting manufacturing sector and at the same time keeping fiscal deficit intact through emphasis on Make in India & Skilling India and special focus to key social initiatives
1008, Tapan Kumar Chand was elected unanimously at the National Governing Council Meeting of the AAI held here. AAI is the apex body representing the entire spectrum of Indian aluminium industry and is a part of the world association, Nalco said in a release.
1009, "Though the revenue impact has been quantified in terms of tax expenditure, it does not imply that this quantum of revenue has been waived by the government. Rather, these could be seen as targeted expenditure for the promotion of certain sectors," the Finance Ministry said in its Budget document today.
1010, During 2015-16, the plan and non-plan expenditure stood at Rs 1417 crore and Rs 714 crore respectively.
1011, The Budget, presented by Finance Minister Arun Jaitley in Parliament, allocated Rs 200 crore for the Heritage City Development and Augmentation Yojana.
1012, In 2015-16, the revised Budget for DoS was Rs 6959 crore, of which Rs 1359 crore was earmarked for various projects.
1013, "Tax rebate has been increased from Rs 2,000 to Rs 5,000, straight away benefit Rs 3,000 for person having income of Rs 5 lakh per annum," Revenue Secretary Hasmukh Adhia said in the post Budget interaction with media.
1014, Acting in the need of the hour and realising that a robust real estate sector can help push India’s growth further, the government introduced a slew of measures aimed at reviving the sector and bringing a cheer to the industry players.
1015, Pranav Sayta, Partner at EY India feels it would have been helpful if a clear roadmap was provided on rationalisation of exemptions and incentives.
1016, Direct tax proposals from the Finance Minister did not seem to be major game changer
1017, Presenting the budget today, Finance Minister Arun Jaitley allocated Rs 3,827.25 crore to the Minority Affairs Ministry, of which Rs 3,800 crore has been earmarked under the plan head head and the rest Rs 27.25 crore under the non-plan head.
1018, 
The social media was flooded with comments, cartoons and jokes on the annual event. One of the posts reads that after this Budget kids will aspire to be farmers rather than going for any other profession.
1019, But the government of Prime Minister Narendra Modi has vowed to end the military's dependence on imports that have made it the world's largest buyer, according to the Stockholm International Peace Research Institute.
1020, Even the private sector general insurance companies also believe that they can plan for getting listed once their peers in the government sector do so.
1021, The ICSI (Institute of Company Secretaries of India) chief also said providing enabling environment and reduction of tax rates for startups, reduction of tax litigation and development of infrastructure, among others, are commendable.
1022, India, the world's third-biggest oil importer and one of the few major economies still seeing strong demand growth, is building up SPR facilities in southern India to hold 36.87 million barrels of oil.
1023, Under the UDAY scheme meant for the revival of debt ridden discoms, state are taking 75 percent of the debt and issue bonds to pare loans. The discoms will issue state guaranteed bonds for remaining loans to repay the debt.
1024, Besides this, the government will also open around 3,000 medical stores to provide quality medicines at affordable prices across the country and initiate a National Dialysis Services Programme under which it will provide dialysis services in all district hospitals.
1025, Yogendra Yadav, Social Activist, also says with two consecutive droughts, the ride in Budget allocatment for agriculture and Mahatma Gandhi National Rural Employment Guarantee Act (MNREGA) is only marginal. 
1026, In a panel discussion on CNBC-TV18, Kiran Mazumdar Shaw, CMD of Biocon said that the Finance Minister has made right investments in farming and drafted a reasonable Budget focusing on rural prosperity.
1027, "As far as GST is concerned, every political party claims to be in favour of it. The Congress party had put some conditions. I think one condition still remains there. I will try to talk to them in the remaining of the Budget session of Parliament, and try to move ahead with the GST bill", Jaitley said in a post Budget Hackathon.
1028, The Union Budget for 2016-17 saw a marginal rise in allocation for spending on education and provisions were made for skill development by Finance Minister, Arun Jaitley as the government plans in increase focus on quality of education under the Sarva Shiksha Abhiyan.
1029, Till date over 98 crore Aadhaar numbers have been generated. Per day average of 26 lakh biometric and over 1.5 lakh e-KYC transactions are made. Aadhaar numbers have been seeded in 11.19 crore DBTL accounts out of total 16.5 crore DBTL beneficiaries.
1030, Ridham Desai, Head-India Equity Research & India Equity Strategist, Morgan Stanley believes there is a room for rate cut for RBI now but does not expect them to advance it by a month and do it in between two policies.
1031, Talking to newspersons after a TDP Politburo meeting here tonight, he said no financial allocation has been made for the construction of AP's new capital, Amaravati.
1032, "This is the most pragmatic Budget. The emphasis on public investments, on social sector and on a wide section of the society are all the measures which will have long-term impact on growth," Mundra told reporters on the sidelines of an Indian Bullion & Jewellers Association event here this evening.
1033, Presenting the Union Budget, Finance Minister Arun Jaitley allocated Rs 6,201.21 crore to the Water Resources Ministry, of which Rs 5500 crore was under plan head and the rest under non-plan head.
1034, Bihar, among other backward states, stood to gain from the NDA government's announcement of special package for which financial arrangements as also funds for commitments on account of reorganization of states will be met, the senior BJP leader said.
1035, The total allocation, including plan and non-plan head, for Ministry of Ayurveda, Yoga and Naturopathy, Unani, Siddha and Homoeopathy (AYUSH) is Rs 1,326.20, an increase of Rs 201.2 crore than last year's figure of Rs 1,125 crore.
1036, Money Money Money Budget Special decodes what Finance Minister Arun Jaitley's tax proposals mean for your wallet and your wealth. Surabhi Upadhyay of CNBC-TV18 discusses FM's tax policies with Navneet Munot, CIO, SBI Mutual Fund and Gautam Mehra of PwC India.
1037, Sunil Khanna, President and Managing Director of Emerson Network Power India is of the view that the Government has tried to keep a healthy balance between inclusive growth and fiscal consolidation amidst global volatility and additional burden on account of the 7th pay commission, OROP.
1038, The Verdict brings to you some of the most influential opinion makers on what they made of the Budget fineprint and what Budget 2016 can do to stimulate growth and position India as an investment destination.
1039, Mukesh Aghi said the annual Budget presented by Union Finance Minister Arun Jaitley maintains the fiscal deficit to 3.5 percent from 3.9 percent and gives international investors an assurance that India can provide discipline among the emerging markets.
1040, Speaking to CNBC-TV18, Titan's Bhaskar Bhat said that the 1 percent excise duty levied on jewellery articles will widen the gap between the unorganized industry as the latter does not have to bear this additional duty.
1041, We believe that once global risk-aversion subsides substantial FII allocations will come India’s way both in equities and fixed-income, says Ajay Bodke, CEO & Chief Portfolio Manager (PMS), Prabhudas Lilladher.
1042, According to Ashok P. Hinduja, Chairman, Hinduja Group of Companies (India), Budget is pragmatic and growth-oriented. The Government’s commitment for retaining the fiscal deficit at 3.5 percent will have sobering effect on the interest rate in general and on the yields of government and corporate bonds in particular.
1043, It is a pragmatic budget, with focus on fiscal prudence, rural spending, infrastructure spending, rationalizing tax exemptions/deductions, reducing social divide and above all, reducing credibility gap for the budgetary estimates, says ABM Equity Research.
1044, ITC rallied 6.46 percent. ICICI Bank, Axis Bank, Infosys, SBI and PNB gained 1-3 percent while ONGC and Bharti Airtel fell more than 1 percent.
1045, According to D R Dogra MD & CEO - CARE Ratings, Union Budget for 2016-17 can be treated as being progressive and time appropriate having announced a raft of measures, policies and reforms catering to nearly all the sections of the economy.
1046, According to ICICIdirect, Budget 2016-17 reflects the government’s firm commitment to substantially boost investment in agriculture, social sector, infrastructure and employment generation, on the one hand, and sticking to the fiscal consolidation path, on the other.
1047, As per the Union Budget announced on Monday, the contributions made on or after April 1, 2016 by an employee participating in a recognised provident fund and superannuation fund, up to 40 percent of the accumulated balance attributable to such contributions on withdrawal shall be exempt from tax.
1048, ITC, ICICI Bank, Axis Bank, GAIL and Hero MotoCorp are top gainers while ONGC, HUL, HDFC and Dr Reddy's Labs are losers in the Sensex.
1049, Jubilant investors are hurriedly buying shares of ITC as brokerages are bullish on the stock. In his Budget proposal for FY17, Finance Minister Arun Jaitley hiked excise duty on cigarettes to 10-15 percent. 
1050, Speaking to CNBC-TV18, RC Bhargava, Chairman of Maruti Suzuki says the infrastructure cess will be a burden to growth, especially look at the current volatility in the market.
1051, In an interview with CNBC-TV18, Sanjay Manyal of ICICI Direct termed yesterday's excise duty hike on cigarettes as the "mildest in the last 3 years" and said a price hike of 5-6 percent price hike on cigarettes would be enable ITC to cover the additional cost.
1052, Moneycontrol has put together an ebook that compiles our incisive coverage on Budget Day, and packs in articles, features and views on the Budget and examines how it will impact the economy.
1053, BKU national spokesman Rakesh Tikait said Rs 5,500 crore allocated for the new crop insurance scheme will benefit insurance companies and not farmers.
1054, Tata Sponge is likely to absorb only 10-20 percent of the added cost and the rest will passed-on to the customers, said Managing Director DP Deshpande.
1055, As per the Union Budget, contributions made on or after April 1, 2016 by an employee participating in a recognised provident fund and superannuation fund, up to 40 percent of the accumulated balance attributable to such contributions on withdrawal shall be exempt from tax.
1056, The additional cess is likely to hit the company’s operating profits by more than 5-6 percent said K Ravi, MD, NCL Industries.
1057, In the Budget for 2016-17, the government has stuck to the pre-announced fiscal deficit target of 3.5 percent of GDP and this move is likely to have a far-reaching impact on the macro economy, according to the global financial services major.
1058, In an interview with CNBC-TV18, Satish Parekh, MD of Ashoka Buildcon said that he expects the company’s orderbook to grow 20-30 percent over FY17.
1059, In the ongoing market downturn, inflows into mutual funds have held up rather well, allowing the domestic institutional investors to buy stocks and support the market even in the face of relentless selling from FIIs. This is thanks to SIPs.
1060, Anish Damania, CEO & Head - Institutional Equities at IDFC Securities says boost to urban income via the 7th Pay Commission and OROP will be a positive for sales growth.
1061, According to Devendra Pant, Chief Economist, India Ratings & Research, the revenue expectation is highly optimistic and for the government to stay on the consolidation path, they will need to cut capital expenditure.
1062, Hasmukh Adhia also said that only the interest accrued on 60 percent contribution to Employee Provident Fund (EPF) after April 1, 2016 will be taxed while the principal amount will continue to remain exempted from tax.
1063, The global financial services major said the Budget seeks fiscal consolidation but is cautious in its approach as it focuses on process rather than pushing the boundaries.
1064, Government scored well on rationalization of tax regime with focus on strengthening the dispute resolution mechanism, silence on roadmap to GST is a manifestation of continued political gridlock on the subject
1065, The infrastructure cess is sure to have a negative impact on the  overall demand said VS Parthasarathy, CFO, Mahindra and Mahindra but on other hand the various measures to boost rural economy, infrastructure and farmer income could help mitigate the negatives.
1066, Union Budget 2016 revolved around the themes of ‘Make in India’ and ‘Ease in doing business in India’
1067, According to Harshad Patil, CIO at Tata AIA Life, Finance Minister Arun Jaitley has done a fine balancing act by delivering a fiscally prudent and growth oriented budget. The budget attempts to kickstart the investment cycle through robust public capex spend.
1068, The company received Rs 72 crore from the stake sale in Mumbai-Nashik Expressway, which was sold to BIF India Holding, said Nitin Patel, ED, Sadbhav Infra.
1069, Abneesh Roy, Associate Director of Edelweiss Securities says that the 10 percent hike in excise duty on cigarette is manageable for ITC with a rise in price by 6-7 percent. 
1070, With an aim to ensure uninterrupted supply and give an overall boost to the food sector, the Government has proposed various agrarian driven measures. 
1071, Budget has unveiled a big focus on revival of rural demand through a carefully drafted focus on the agricultural sector that strives to increase agricultural productivity thereby paving the way for non-inflationary growth over medium term, says Soumya Kanti Ghosh, Chief Economic Adviser & GM, Economic Research Department, SBI.
1072, Coal and Power Minister Piyush Goyal has expressed hope that all the unelectrified villages will be electrified by the end of 2017 and every home will get power by 2018.
1073, Budget proposals about EPF taxation have either been drafted in a hurry or have deliberately been made to be unjust to salaried people.
1074, There are several elements related to this entire process that needs to be considered because it is very different from what the investor has experienced till now with respect to their capital gains tax saving investments.
1075, The allocation for the rural sector in the Budget has nearly doubled and this in turn will lead to consumption-led growth, which in turn will have a cascading effect, says Nirmal Jain of IIFL
1076, At a meeting attended by MPs of BJP and its allies, except Shiv Sena, Jaitley spoke in detail about the Budget, underscoring that it also seeks to give a fillip to economic growth by improving infrastructure and business and investment climate.
1077, "The prevailing economic scenario across the world is challenging to say the least. This year's Budget was proposed and presented at a time of unusual volatility in the international economic environment, markets are fearful, the global recovery may be faltering.
1078, While finance minster displayed good endeavors to maintain country’s journey on path of fiscal consolidation, he disappointed big businesses who expected to see FM snip corporate tax rate.
1079, The government has decided to impose 2.5 per cent cess on diesel vehicles of length not exceeding 4 meter and engine capacity not exceeding 1,500cc, while higher engine capacity and SUVs and bigger sedans were slapped with a cess of 4 per cent on the value of the car.
1080, Targeting a realistic 11 percent increase in tax revenue in 2016-17, the Budget has attempted to make domestic industry competitive, fuel demand and create jobs, Revenue Secretary Hashmukh Adhia said
1081, "The Budget signals a commitment to macroeconomic stability. This will also open up space for monetary easing in the near future which is positive for the market. Various measures for resolution of tax disputes will pave way for lower outstanding tax litigation," HDFC Asset Management Company MD Milind Barve said. 
1082, The Finance Minister has decided to adhere to maintaining a fiscal deficit of 3.9% and 3.5% in RE 2015-16 and BE 2016-17.
1083, While there have not been any sector specific major proposals or any significant reforms and while GST is still a dream, there is a visible shift in the tax regime towards long term stability and reliability.
1084, Government sources say banks are likely to lower base rate by 40-60 basis points from April 1. The banks will have to start adhering to the new base rate math from April 1
1085, The move is aimed at increasing retail participation in mutual fund (MF)industry
1086, For global investors looking to park their funds somewhere, the return versus risk is limited almost in every market, Jan Lambregts of Rabobank says, adding that investors who are open to taking some risk could prefer India as there is some hope from the new government.
1087, As the Budget has not done anything regarding industry’s key asks, it would be characterised as neutral for the sector.
1088, The Reserve Bank of India Deputy Governor HR Khan on Tuesday declined to comment on whether the Budget unveiled by Finance Minister Arun Jaitley on Monday would impact the RBI's monetary policy stance.
1089, Mundra's reaction, during an interaction with reporters on Tuesday, marks the first public comment from a senior RBI official on the budget.
1090, The agency said a rate cut may come as early as the next policy meeting, following the government achieving the FY16 fiscal deficit target of 3.9 percent. Another agency Icra said a "final rate cut" of 0.25 percent can come in 2016, provided the monsoons are normal
1091, Talking about the Krishi Kalyan Cess, which loosely put means an increase in service tax, Economics Affairs secretary Shaktikanta Das says it was done because the government needed more resources to spend on infrastructure
1092, The notification was, however, silent on the 4 percent infrastructure cess on "other higher engine capacity and SUVs and bigger sedans", announced by Finance Minister Arun Jaitley in the Budget. 
1093, A day after the 2016-17 Budget proposed taxing 60 percent of the withdrawal from Employee Provident Fund (EPF) on contributions to be made after April 1, the government was hard pressed to explain that the move was aimed at high-salaried class and not the overwhelming section of 3.7 crore EPF members
1094, Tarun Khanna, Professor, Harvard Business School, still has high expectations from the Modi government and says it should focus on implementing the already announced policies and it needs to put substance behind these announcements
1095, The DMIC project has been planned as a global manufacturing and investment destination around the high speed 1,483 km length of western dedicated freight corridor of the railways as the backbone.
1096, "Total additional exports of Rs 7,500 crore in 2016-17 are envisaged by the incentives announced in this Budget," Apparel Export Promotion Council Chairman Ashok G Rajani said.
1097, Union Budget 2016-17 has more than doubled receipt provision from communication services to Rs 98,994.93 crore.
1098, SBI, ICICI Bank, BHEL, Adani Ports and Axis Bank are top gainers in the Sensex.
1099, The whole approach to public investment by building it up and supplementing it with off Budgetary resources is going to be viewed in history as something remarkable, said Minister of Finance (State) Jayant Sinha 
1100, G V Sreedhar said gems and jewellery industry is disappointed with the government's apathy towards the sector with the proposal of re-imposition of 1 percent Excise Duty in the Budget 2016-17, presented on Monday by Finance Minister Arun Jaitley.
1101, An all-time high agricultural credit of Rs. 9 lakh crore as well as provision of Rs. 15000 crore towards interest subvention to reduce burden of loan repayment is a very important announcement. 
1102, The environment in the world is still volatile and India does not have a catalyst to drive ahead if the world is still weak, so stick to defensive stocks, says 
Pratik Gupta, Head-Equities, Deutsche Bank India.
1103, Those with undisclosed income and assets are being provided a four-month window beginning June 1 to declare their wealth, pay normal tax rate of 30 percent plus 15 percent in penalty and surcharge and escape prosecution.
1104, Mayank Asher, CEO of Cairn India says that 20 percent ad valorem cess will bring slight relief for energy companies.
1105, Chief Economic Advisor Arvind Subramanian, in the Economic Survey, projected a growth rate of 7-7.75 percent for the next financial year, which some experts described as "modest".
1106, The government in the Budget introduced a new health insurance scheme with a Rs 1 lakh cover per family and an additional Rs 30,000 for senior citizens. 

1107, The article captures the impact of Union Budget 2016 on IT and ITES sector.
1108, Jaitley had spoken on similar lines earlier in the day at a meeting organised by industry chambers and said he will spell out the final decision on the matter when he speaks during the debate on Budget in Parliament.
1109, Sameer Goel, Head-Asia Rates and Currency Research at Deutsche Bank believes the Finance Minister opted in favour of credibility premium by sticking with the fiscal consolidation target.
1110, Budget is very strategic, it is obviously work in progress, and the nine pillars which the finance minister mentioned are great, says Ranjit Shahani, vice-chairman and managing director Novartis India 
1111, It also highlighted potential risks from weak corporate and bank balance sheets. Jaitley's budget on Monday committed &#36;3.7 billion to recapitalise state banks. Bankers estimate that their recapitalisation needs are nearly 10 times as much
1112, Finance Minister Arun Jaitley intends to push it as a Money Bill
1113, In the Budget 2016-17, the government has come out with various proposals, including customs and excise duty exemption for tools and tool-kits used in Maintenance, Repair and Overhaul (MRO) works.

1114, The housing and construction sector got various tax reliefs in the 2016-17 budget despite not being accorded the infrastructure status, Union Minister Venkaiah Naidu said on Wednesday.
1115, Finance Minister Arun Jaitley has already announced in his Budget speech about doing away with the classification of Plan and Non-Plan expenditure in the backdrop of 2016-17 being terminal year of the 12th Plan period (2012-17)
1116, With Finance Minister Arun Jaitley sticking to the fiscal deficit target of 3.5 percent in the Budget for 2016-17, there are rising expectations that the central bank might ease interest rates during its policy meet next month.
1117, Finance Minister Arun Jaitley in his Budget speech for 2016-17 announced government plan to give statutory backing to Aadhaar.
1118, "Over 300 associations, that consists of over 3 lakh manufacturers, retainers, artisans among others, participated in the stir across the country. The strike has been 100 percent successful," All India Gems and Jewellery Trade Federation (GJF) Chairman Sreedhar G V told PTI.
1119, There were several expectations from the capital market sector,such as replacement of Dividend Distribution Tax (DDT) with tax withholding in the hands of shareholders and relaxation of disallowance of expenses in relation to the earning of exempt income.

1120, All taxable services will become dearer by 0.5 percent from 1 Jun 2016 and will now be liable at a cumulative rate of 15 percent.However, unlike Swachh Bharat Cess, credit of KKC will be available against KKC. Another new levy is the infrastructure Cess (non-creditable) ranging from 1 percent to 4 percent applicable on motor vehicles.
1121, The BKU is also going to hold a 'mahapanchayat' here on March 17 to protest and submit their formal demands to the government.
1122, In an interview with CNBC-TV18, Khorakiwala said Wockhardt will maintain a double digit growth target for FY17 and expects Indian operations to grow 15-20 percent while UK operations should grow within 15 percent.
1123, "The Budget is credit negative for public sector banks because the government has stuck to its capital infusion road map announced in 2015, Budgeting Rs 25,000 crore in injection," says Srikanth Vadlamani, Moody's Vice-President and Senior Credit Officer.
1124, Taimur Baig, Chief Economist, Asia Global Markets Research, Deutsche Bank AG says that while one rate hike is expected to be in the offing, more is unlikely to come.
1125, "Macroeconomic stability is fundamental to ensuring that monetary policy has space. If we don't provide that monetary policy space by generally a tighter fiscal policy, we cannot expect monetary policy to loosen up," he said while speaking at an event of the Indian Private Equity and Venture Capital Association (IVCA) here.
1126, The Budget attempts to kickstart the investment cycle through robust public capex spend even as it places equal emphasis on crucial areas such as agriculture & farmer welfare, rural development, healthcare and skill development in an effort to address rural distress after two successive subpar monsoons.
1127, "EPF is the safety net of the employees and imposing a tax on this is wrong. I will urge the Prime Minister to announce... that the tax will be rolled back," Rahul Gandhi said.
1128, Finance Minister Arun Jaitley increased spending on farm and social sectors in the 2016-17 fiscal year on Monday in a boost to rural India, where most of the country's 1.3 billion people live.
1129, "Allowing foreign investment in any form of retail will have adverse impact on traders, farmers, hawkers, transporters, small industries and will result into mass unemployment," Confederation of All India Traders (CAIT) said in a statement.
1130, Ravi Pisharody, ED-Commercial Vehicles, Tata Motors is disappointed there was no mention of electric vehicles in the Budget but disagreed on the argument that government is promoting hybrid vehicles at the cost of electric vehicles.
1131, Mark Weinberger, Global Chairman & CEO at EY, is skeptical about the government's retrospective tax solution in the Budget.
1132, There has been a "quantum jump" in allocation for the Northeast in the Union budget 2016-17 and it will help all-round development of the region, Union Minister for Development of North Eastern Region (DoNER) Jitendra Singh said on Thursday.
1133, The sale of scrap is currently online in the Railways while the procurement and submission of tendering documents are also on e-platform. Railways is playing a significant role in providing connectivity and currently our primary focus is to expand rail network connecting all parts of the country
1134, "Budget has been a very innovative and creative and a very smart budget. It has provided huge thrust to agriculture sector... an impetus to infrastructure. Allocation for social sector like health has gone up," Kant said in a hackathon.
1135, "The Finance Minister had his own limitations in terms of resources... You know how much the bill is going to come for 1 percent deduction? It means the government has to take a hit of Rs 15,000 crore," Revenue Secretary Hasmukh Adhia said at the PHD Chamber event here.
1136, The government has allocated a total outlay of Rs 2.21 lakh crore in the Budget for 2016-17 to boost infrastructure in the country.
1137, Alok Patnia explains government’s five point agenda for personal taxation in India.
1138, While the government wants to offer some benefit to economically weaker sections of the society, there is also an attempt to bring in change by making pensions available to public at large.
1139, In an interview with CNBC-TV18, RG Rajan, CMD of RCF said that the direct benefit transfer for fertilisers announced in the Budget is a 'welcome step'.
1140, GJF along with All India Jewellery Associations has decided to extend the strike till March 7. Jewellers went on strike for three days from March 2.
1141, In the Budget 2016-17, Finance Minister Arun Jaitley has announced 100 percent FDI through government approval route in the marketing of food products produced and manufactured in India.
1142, According to the data shared by Minister of State for Food Processing Sadhvi Niranjan Jyoti in a written reply in Rajya Sabha, the sector has attracted USD 5,285.66 million FDI during April 2012 to December 2015.
1143, The Credai members also thanked the Urban Development Minister Venkaiah Naidu for his stewardship of real estate sector and suggested that affordable housing should be defined as units up to 60 square meters in metros and 90 square meters in non-metros.
1144, Despite initial scare on proposal like tax on higher dividend distribution, the much awaited Budget saw bulls prevailing upon the bears as investors digested Finance Minister's resolve for fiscal prudence and keep deficit at 3.5 percent for 2016-17, leading to an all-out expectation that RBI will ease monetary policy.
1145, So, while the government's decision to tax 40 percent withdrawal under PF comes as a taxing step for EPFO, it has come as a bonanza for the pension fund industry as it hopes that the move will help increase investment coming under NPS.
1146, Jewellers have been on a strike since March 2, protesting against the proposed excise duty imposition on non-silver jewellery items made in the Budget 2016-17 as well mandatory quoting of PAN by customers for transaction of Rs 2 lakh and above.
1147, The Finance Minister is expected to speak on EPF tax proposal in the Lok Sabha after 12 noon. Modi had reportedly asked Jaitley to reconsider the Budgetary proposal under which a part of the EPF withdrawal will be taxed, according to highly placed sources.
1148, Finance Minister Arun Jaitley today said the government will roll back its Budget proposal that sought to levy tax on withdrawal of funds from Employee Provident Fund (EPF).
1149, All India Sarafa Association Vice-President Surinder Kumar Jain said the strike will go on for an indefinite period until the government rolls back the proposal.
1150, Mamata Banerjee statement came soon after union Finance Minister Arun Jaitley withdrew his Budget proposal to tax employees' provident fund (EPF) at withdrawal.
1151, The petition, which was started by a finance professional from Gurgaon, Vaibhav Aggarwal, had got the support of over 2.5 lakh people who sought urgent and immediate withdrawal of EPF tax that was announced in the Budget.
1152, Rahul Gandhi had urged Prime Minister Narendra Modi to roll back the proposal for taxing EPF withdrawals to instil confidence among employees. 
1153, Members of over 358 associations related to jewellery trade and related businesses are on strike since March 2 to demand withdrawal of the proposed 1 percent excise duty announced in the Union Budget.
1154, At a meeting of the BJP parliamentary party, where Prime Minister Narendra Modi was present, party chief Amit Shah told MPs that the they should take "Budget to the people" by highlighting the schemes and ensure that the benefits reach grassroot levels.
1155, In his Budget speech last month, Finance Minister Arun Jaitley had said there is now a school of thought which believes that instead of fixed numbers as fiscal deficit targets, it may be better to have a fiscal deficit range as the target, which would give necessary policy space to the government to deal with ever-changing dynamics.
1156, The government has been meeting its fiscal deficit targets on the back of the aam aadmi instead of boosting the real incomes of the poor by cutting indirect taxes, Tharoor said.
1157, According to Ashutosh Sharma, Secretary, Department of Science and Technology (DST), in the 2016-17 financial year, it will provide seed capital to 50-80 new ventures with funding ranging from Rs 50 lakh to Rs 1 crore per company.
1158, In the Budget, the government has pegged gross market borrowing at Rs 6 lakh crore, up from Rs 5.8 lakh crore in the ongoing fiscal. Gross borrowing includes repayments of past loans and interests.
1159, Participating in a debate on the Budget 2016-17, Tariq Anwar (NCP) targeted Prime Minister Narendra Modi for giving full marks to it, saying he was acting as an examinee as well as examiner himself.
1160, Striking associations in different parts of the country have decided to hold a protest rally in Ramlila Maidan here tomorrow against the proposal, said All India Sarafa Association Vice-President, Surinder Kumar Jain.
1161, "Various fees and cess related to mining have been reduced considerably. This reduction, coupled with Export duty exemption (on ore) announced by the Central government will help in resuming mining activity in the state," Goa Chamber of Commerce and Industry president Narayan Bandekar said.
1162, In a first, the government has decided to present the Budget on February 1 instead of the last day of the month as part of an overhaul that would also scrap the practice of a separate railway budget.
1163, The current government, in its first budget, had raised the deduction on interest paid to Rs 2 lakh from Rs 1.5 lakh. For first time home buyers, the NDA government had also, in its second budget allowed for an additional deduction of Rs 50,000 on interest on home loan.
1164, Both TS Krishnamurthy and N Gopalaswami who served between said that the Union Budget would have to be cut to a Vote-on-Account only if this was a Lok Sabha election.
1165, The Election Commission today announced dates for the 5 states that go to polls this year. Questions have now been raised if it creates a constitutional problem since the Union Budget is already slated to be presented on February 1.  
1166, According to the source in the House, the Budget Session would resume on February 3 and continue for three-long weeks till February 20 or 21.
1167, In a Facebook post, he also demanded President Pranab Mukherjee and the Election Commission to take note of advancement of Budget presentation and reverse the decision.
1168, Senior AAP leader Ashutosh sought the Election Commission's intervention into the matter saying while his party was geared up for the polls the BJP would "use the Budget" to its advantage.
1169, The polls will be held three days after the Budget announcement on February 1. Five states - Uttar Pradesh, Goa, Punjab, Manipur and Uttarakhand - will go to polls between February-March.
1170, The railway ministry may push for a special levy on train fares to create a dedicated Rs 1.2 lakh crore safety fund; finance ministry likely to finance 25 percent of the this fund
1171, Earlier this week, the Cabinet Committee on Parliamentary Affairs (CCPA), headed by Home Minister Rajnath Singh, had recommended start of the Budget Session from January 31 followed by the presentation of the Union Budget on February 1.
1172, India is the world's third largest emitter of greenhouse gases and relies heavily on coal, gas and oil imports to meet its energy needs and fuel its economic expansion.
1173, According to global financial services major Bank of America Merrill Lynch, (BofA-ML) the financial year 2017-18 fiscal deficit target is likely to be the same as this fiscal.
1174, GST council’s Jan 16 meeting crucial for fixing new roll-out date; budget could contain half-yearly estimates of central indirect taxes to factor in mid-year implementation
1175, Aaked about the implementation of Goods and Services Tax, he said the government is working to introduce GST by April this year, but it may take time till October.
1176, "No budget means no development, no welfare. Is this what you want? And no support to poor people, no support to farmers, is that what your wish is? Why are you opposing? Budget is budget," Naidu said.
1177, The year 2017 has a lot in store with corporate earnings and Union Budget just round the corner. Sharing his take on how the year is likely to pan out for investors, Aashish Somaiyaa of Motilal Oswal says January is a good month to invest and advises not to defer investment decisions. 
1178, According to Former Chief Election Commissioner TS Krishnamurthy, the model code of the conduct does not interfere with ongoing schemes. It only restricts fresh announcements and particularly those which might favour poll-bound states. 
1179, Ahead of the Union Budget 2017-18,
the Steel Ministry has sought reduction in import duty on both
coking coal and nickel -- vital components of steel making --
a move that may revive the sector, a top official said.
1180, FM Arun Jaitley may announce overhaul of India’s corporate tax structure by slashing the statutory rate and removing layers of exemptions, incentives and deductions that had made the system complex and prone to misuse
1181, Mutual fund managers attributed the inflow in equity funds to the matured investor behaviour who are staying put and using volatility to invest additional money in to these schemes
1182, Definition of long-term could be widened to align the investment lock-in threshold with many matured economy markets; new rule may be compatible with amended tax treaties with Mauritius and Singapore 
1183, Fertiliser stocks are buzzing ahead of the Budget on expectations of government focus on agriculture.
1184, Surendra Goyal of Citi says the market is likely to be rangebound till some clarity emerges. He maintains September 2017 target of 30,000 on the Sensex.
1185, This article explains how bond funds can be used to optimise post tax returns on fixed income portfolios.
1186, Easier exit norms for founders, simpler rules for government supplies among measures being examined; Commerce & Industry Ministry pushing for service tax exemption for startups; more funds for Atal Innovation Mission likely
1187, "Budget is something which we all are hoping that the government will bring measures to boost consumer sentiment," Society of Indian Automobile Manufacturers (SIAM) Director General Vishnu Mathur said.
1188, FM may substantially raise allocation for speedier implementation of mega industrial zones; measures also on anvil for early setting up of National Industrial Corridor Development Authority (NICDA)
1189, The body's Chairman T S Bhasin hoped that Finance Minister Arun Jaitley would unveil a special package for the exporters in the form of both fiscal incentives and procedural de-bottlenecks in the Budget.
1190, The "demonetisation" of Rs 500 and Rs 1000 in November has set in motion the biggest currency culling exercise in the modern era. Prime Minister Narendra Modi has talked about ushering India to "less-cash" society.
1191, With the original deadline of April rolling out the new indirect tax system looks missed for now, Finance minister Arun Jaitley is widely expected to announce GST's implementation schedule in the upcoming budget 2017-18. 
1192, The government is working on the assumption that in times of cash crunch, the best way to achieve higher spending is by raising disposable income through tax breaks.
1193, The move, which finance minister Arun Jaitley had first announced in 2015, will signal the beginning of reforms of one of India's complex tax systems that had become mired in layers of exemption and sops over the years, making it difficult to administer.
1194, There is heightened expectation that Finance Minister Arun Jaitley will announce a string of steps in Budget 2017 to minimise the demonetisation pain for farmers. 
1195, Budget 2017 may contain some good news for start-ups. Finance minister Arun Jaitley may announce a string of initiatives to support the country's start-ups, including widening of the tax-free regime to five years from three years and faster procedural clearances.
1196, The commerce and industry ministry has asked its finance counterpart to give financial assistance for the Indian Leather Development Programme (ILDP) and for setting up of mega leather clusters in the country, an official said.
1197, Some of the proposals may draw upon the recommendations that a Securities and Exchange Board of India (Sebi) panel on Alternative Investment Funds(AIFs) headed by Infosys founder NR Narayana Murthy had made last year.
1198, The proximate reason for the abandoning the 92-year-old practice of a separate railway budget from 2017-18 may have been hastened by the state-transportation giant's delicate balance sheet.
1199, Finance minister Arun Jaitley may propose a package of tax incentives for the labour-intensive leather, gems and jewellery sectors as part of the government's signature "Make in India"  initiative to boost manufacturing, create jobs and revive exports.
1200, This will give Finance Minister Arun Jaitley and Prime Minister Narendra Modi the leeway to counter the economic downturn of demonetisation.
1201, Payments through digital channels including internet banking, debit card and credit card are likely to become cheaper. The Union Budget, which will be presented on February 1, is likely to announce tax rebates on such transactions.
1202, One can expect the government to announce a marginal cut to the headline corporate tax rate along with a clear roadmap detailing the manner in which the proposed reduction and incentive phase out will be achieved.
1203, Exporters are pinning their hopes high on the Union Budget for 2017-18 for decisive fiscal measures which would act as a stimulus to revive the economic sentiment that had seen a short-term impact of demonetisation, Bhasin said.
1204, "Due to spurious gold entering the country through smuggling, our exports will be termed as non-complaint under Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development (OECD) rules of sourcing conflict free gold," he added.
1205, In an interview to Moneycontrol, Amitava Mehra, CEO, IMGC, says he expects Finance Ministry Arun Jaitley to take measures to boost home sales.
1206, Speaking to CNBC-TVC18, Russell Napier, Co-founder of ERIC said demonetisation is a major and brave move, but it came at a bad time. Cash restoration is taking more time than anyone would have thought. 
1207, Watch Manisha Gupta of CNBC-TV18 speaking about the expectations from the Budget for the gems and jewellery space. 
1208, Asked about his wishlist for the Budget - to be unveiled on February 1 - Ashwani Kumar, Chairman and Managing Director, Dena Bank told PTI, "We want more tax concessions for customers and shopkeepers who go digital. The incentives can come in the form of income tax, service tax".
1209, Besides the clearly defined road map for GST roll out, the government may take steps to bridge the gap between the current tax rates vis-à-vis the probable rate in GST so that the negative effect of inflation on introduction of GST can be managed.
1210, In a pre-Budget discussion on CNBC-TV18, Sajjid Chinoy, Asia Economist at JPMorgan, A Prasanna, Economist at ICICI Securities and Rathin Roy, Director and CEO, NIPFP listed their views on how the policy framework should be this year.
1211, Finance Minister Arun Jaitley may
address the transient pain of demonetisation by cutting
corporate tax rates when he presents the Budget for 2017-18 in
just over two weeks time.
1212, The Finance Ministry is likely to
finalise capital infusion plan for public sector banks (PSBs)
this week based on the request of various lenders which have
been impacted by demonetisation amid rising bad loans.
1213, The upcoming Budget will fire up the economy and results of the government's efforts will be visible with the Sensex going beyond the 50,000-mark in next 3 years, said Rajen Shah, Chief Investment Advisor at Tradebulls Group.
1214, Post the Budget there is no rush for foreign money to flood in to the market, instead even if the source of FII selling dries up and domestic investors remain emboldened, encouraged due to the Budget provisions, there is a reasonable chance that the market might have put in a bottom, he further added.
1215, On a comparison of income threshold and peak rate of a few countries, it is observed that the income threshold considered for peak rate as well as the maximum tax rate in India is on the higher side. 
1216, Govt unlikely to change GAAR’s implementation date; amended CBDT rules have “grandfathered” investments made before April 1, 2017 exempting these from the anti-avoidance rule 
1217, Speaking to CNBC-TV18, Ketan Dalal, Senior Tax Partner at PwC India, said while the general anti-avoidance rule should not be feared as people are already familiar with the contours of it, its implementation needs to monitored closely.
1218, The credit rating agency expects the government to renew its commitment to increase capital spending and address the short-term disruptive impact of demonetisation in the Budget to be unveiled on February 1, 2017.
1219, "No. Nothing," he replied when asked if he thought that the government needs to do something as some argue that real estate and gold are among the biggest generators of unaccounted wealth.
1220, The ministry has already suggested the finance ministry to consider raising tax holiday for start-ups to 7 years from the current 3 years to encourage budding entrepreneurs.
1221, Sunil Singhania, CIO-Equity Investment, Reliance Mutual Funds says Indian investors have been very mature and positive towards the market. They have absorbed all the FII selling that has taken place, says Singhania.
1222, "Given that growth is stagnating at about 4.5 percent in the old GDP series, we have always believed that the Centre should relax fiscal deficit to combat a global recession that could prove to be longer than the Great Depression," it said, weeks ahead of the presentation of the Budget on February 1.
1223, One can foresee that the short-term impact on GDP, triggered by demonetization, and the impending elections in four states of the country, will majorly impact the policies of this year’s budget
1224, Tulsian expects the rally in PSU banks to continue up until the Budget. Most of the public sector banks are expected to report Q3 numbers post-Budget, so there is no negative trigger as such.
1225, Tax pass-through for hedge funds or Category III alternate investment funds (AIFs) being considered; government examining recommendations of Narayana Murthy panel on AIFs
1226, Finance Minister Arun Jaitley presented the Union Budget with a focus to alleviate the slowdown in rural India, which had been battered by back-to-back years of drought.
1227, “The number 1 priority right now is to inject as much demand in the economy as possible and this can be done the quickest through a direct benefits transfer,” Pronab Sen told News18.
1228, Measures such as the recently announced concessional tax rate of 6% as opposed to the present rate of presumptive taxation of 8% for income received through banking and digital business by small businesses is a welcome move.
1229, In an effort to eradicate poverty, the government is working on an income transfer scheme that could form the basis of a national social security system, according to a report in The Economic Times.
1230, Speaking to CNBC-TV18, Andrew Holland, CEO of Avendus Capital Alternate Strategies Pvt. Ltd feels India continues to shine in the long-term. The only negative in short-term is earnings, which are unlikely to grow much this quarter, though won’t be a disaster either. 
1231, Chairman of Enam Securities Vallabh Bhansali believes demonetisation is a success despite ‘flip-flop on rules that government has to calibrate on daily basis.’
1232, A higher service tax will prevent a greater price shock after GST kicks-in from July 1, 2017; it will also help the Centre partially offset the revenue loss from foregoing exclusive rights over service tax that accounts for 14% of total central revenues currently
1233, The government may announce a new scheme or overhaul the structure of Rajiv Gandhi Equity Savings Scheme (RGESS), which has found few takers
1234, Kotak Mutual Fund is bullish on automobiles, cement and oil & gas companies, the fund’s Chief Investment Officer-Equity, Harsha Upadhyaya told Moneycontrol.
1235, Alternative Investment Funds (AIFs) are also seeking uniformity among regulators, including SEBI, RBI, PFRDA and IRDA, on regulatoy provisions
1236, Domestic air passenger traffic rose nearly 24 percent in December 2016 to 95.52 lakh from 77.09 lakh registered during the same period of 2015 even as IndiGo continued to deliver poor on time performance besides losing market share by almost 2 percent in the month.
1237, The country's Central Statistics Office amended the way India counted its gross domestic product (GDP) numbers in January 2015, amending the base year to 2011-2012 from 2004-2005.
1238, Strong domestic flows are helping to hold up the market but Budget could be the next big trigger, says Vikas Khemani, President and CEO at Edelweiss Securities in an interview to CNBC-TV18.
1239, While the Modi government is expected to announce a slew of sops including extended tax exemption for startups in the Budget, here is a look at the key announcements made while presenting the Union Budget 2016
1240, AMFI has proposed for debt linked savings scheme under Sec 80 CCC of Income Tax Act. “We have proposed for debt-linked savings scheme (DLSS) to be included under the Sec 80 CCC limit,” said a mutual fund source who is also in the AMFI committee
1241, The coming budget is also expected to encourage cashless transactions and digital payments.
1242, Personal finance advisors say sticking to a long-term plan based on goals would be the best way to deal with the uncertainty surrounding the Budget. 
1243, Budget should boost rural economy and farmer financing which were hit by demonetisation, G Vijay Kumar, CFO of Kaveri Seed Company told CNBC-TV18.
1244, Having posted growth of above 7 percent for six consecutive quarters, India's gross domestic product is expected to have expanded just 6.5 percent in the October-December quarter - the weakest in nearly three years.
1245, The Japanese financial services major has lowered its January-March 2017 GDP forecast to 5.7 percent and that of April-June to 6.8 percent, from 7 percent.
1246, Other proposals that may figure in the annual financial statement include development of new portals by tax bodies to collect tax digitally. All these steps are aimed at promoting electronic payment modes.
1247, According to the global financial services major, further easing is likely as demonetisation is hurting growth while inflationary pressure is benign and the government is expected to target a conservative fiscal deficit of 3.5 percent of GDP.
1248, Finance Minister Arun Jaitley had announced in last year's budget the government would list state-owned general insurance companies to improve transparency and accountability.
1249, Patel will brief the parliamentary panel about demonetisation and its impact on the economy and the steps taken by the central bank to deal with the cash crunch post withdrawal of Rs 500 and Rs 1,000 notes.
1250, There is near unanimity that the economy needs to be spurred through higher public investment, unlike last year when there was a significant divergence of opinion over the need for fiscal stimulus, Mint newspaper reported, citing an official with knowledge of the thinking within the government.
1251, Tapan Singhel, MD and CEO of Bajaj Allianz General Insurance said that the government should make it mandatory for employers, both in the organised and unorganised sectors to provide health cover to all their employees.
1252, "Due to the slowdown in steel industry, domestic demand of iron ore is very subdued. At present, the iron ore from Odisha and Jharkhand can be exported only from Haldia, Paradip, Vizag and Dhamra ports," FIMI Secretary General R K Sharma told PTI.
1253, Masala bonds have offered much needed relief to India Inc. seeing foreign debt for their businesses. Being rupee-denominated, masala bonds offer India Inc. the unique advantage of not being subject to foreign exchange fluctuation risk.
1254, Speaking to CNBC-TV18 Nilesh Shah, Managing Director at Kotak Mahindra Asset Management, said he hopes the Budget to be good. He wants the FM to honour his word on fiscal discipline. 

1255, The recent demonetization and proposed amendment to Benami Properties Act seems to have added to the woes of the industry in the short term with a slack in housing and office space demands. However, there are hopes of these yielding long term benefits with falling interest rates and anticipated government thrust to the sector
1256, Confident of his ministry achieving the target of 40 km of road per day by next year. By end of December 2016, they had reached 30 km per day, said Road Transport & Highways and Shipping Minister Nitin Gadkari.
1257, The convergence of multiple schemes under a single scheme could enable the government to migrate all these to the digital Aadhar-enabled platform thereby contributing further to the Digital India mission aims.
1258, MF should not be subject to STT and the investments in equity fund of funds should not attract long term capital gains.
1259, Demonetisation is behind and Digital is ahead; Budget is an event to reward the honest tax payer.
1260, The government will aim for an increase in consumption across the country and an uptick in the manufacturing activity, Niti Aayog chief Amitabh Kant says. For this government is going to announce many bold measures, he adds.
1261, Announcements on roadmap for rationalising the corporate tax architecture by lowering the tax rate and phasing out exemptions are expected, Abhay Laijawala of Deutsche Bank says.
1262, Since, house is one’s biggest financial asset introducing income tax exemption on premium paid will push more people to opt for home insurance.
1263, Rising crude oil prices may prompt the finance ministry to cut the 20 percent  ad valorem levy to about 10 percent; move will help prevent costly crude pushing up retail petrol and diesel prices
1264, In another letter to the Cabinet Secretariat written yesterday, the Commission has asked for a response by tomorrow morning, sources said.
1265, India needs to keep its taxes competitive with those of others in the region but the pace of competitiveness is important because that attracts foreign investors, said Adrian Lim  of Aberdeen Asset Management.
1266, Considering the lengthy and time consuming litigation route and pendency rate in Indian courts, and to encourage a healthy business environment, it is time to create another viable option for the taxpayers.

1267, The wind energy sector can easily achieve the target of 60 GW by 2022, and also harness the export potential of 10 GW (~ USD 10 billion), if the following recommendations can be considered in the upcoming Union Budget, says Tulsi Tanti, Chairman and Managing Director, Suzlon Group.
1268, Nirmala Sitharaman's Budget recommendation is for better handling of SME through the banking institutions and also to provide them better tendering opportunities.
1269, The Public Interest Litigation (PIL) calls for the delay over concerns that Prime Minister Narendra Modi's government could seek to influence the outcome of the polls with populist spending promises.
1270, The real estate sector is expecting Budget 2017 to give greater relief to first time home buyers, more incentives on home loan and introduction of tax relief on home insurance

1271, This year, the Union Budget 2017-18, which will be presented on February 1, will be closely watched for a number of reasons. With demonetisation casting a shadow over the country, everyone from a office drone to a farm hand, is expecting the Finance Minister Arun Jaitley to show them the money. 
1272, New developments in the Budget and economic interventions will open more avenues for Digital India. India has already started experimenting with the blockchain technology. Budget should also include special allotments for experimentation with innovations and technology, says Saurabh Agrawal,CEO and Co-founder of Zebpay .
1273, We hope that prudence and not populist measures will guide the Finance Minister.
1274, A tax free universal health insurance scheme would encourage all those people who have yet to enter the health insurance market, to consider investing in the scheme to avail of quality healthcare.
1275, In an interview to CNBC-TV18, Vijay Thadani, VC & MD of NIIT spoke about the results and his outlook for the company.
1276, Adi Godrej, Chairman, Godrej Group, feels that cutting individual and corporate taxes is quintesential to stimulating the economy after the demonetisation led to consumption plummeting in the economy.
1277, Moneycontrol presents a series of video explainers on terminologies which you might encounter in a Budget presentation. 

1278, On the upcoming Budget, Arundhati Bhattacharya, chairman of SBI said that investment and consumption should get equal focus. 
1279, Arun Jaitley is under pressure to offer tax giveaways and step up capital and welfare spending to ease the pain from demonetisation, but the economic disruption caused by Modi's jolt has made forecasting next year's revenue outlook a stab in the dark.


1280, Stressing that infrastructure, health and education are all important priorities, he said the greater challenge is in spending smartly, and perhaps in enabling supply from a well-incentivised and well-regulated private sector, so as to maximise benefits at the micro level.


1281, The non-profit organisation representing farmers across the states, including Andhra Pradesh, Telangana, Karnataka and Gujarat, appealed to Finance Minister Arun Jaitely, to avoid "the onslaught of heavy taxation on legal cigarette industry" and help bring stability in farm prices of tobacco.
1282, The review may lead to redefining “long term” for gains capital gains in stocks to be defined as such, even as tax rates are left unchanged. The holding period is likely to be increased.
1283, "There will be more attention on irrigation and agriculture. We are working out the numbers. We will have to address the problems in the rural economy which has borne the brunt of two consecutive droughts," a senior official told Time of India.
1284, According to SBI's research report Ecowrap, the upcoming Budget is likely to see an increase in personal income tax exemption limit, increase in section 80C exemption limit, interest exemption on housing loan and and at least reducing (if not abolishing) the lock in period for bank fixed deposits.
1285, The measures may include continuing with a scheme to give concessional loans to farmers, incentives for states to computerize primary agricultural credit societies (PACSs) and higher allocations to the National Bank for Agriculture and Rural Development, the official told Mint, requesting anonymity.
1286, Finance minister should listen to various demands of the tax payer and offer increased tax sops.
1287, The legacy issue of royalty taxability for use v/s right to use shrink wrapped software has been a matter of litigation for a very long period, especially under the Tax Treaty scenario.
1288, Prime Minister Narendra Modi in his year-end speech had made several announcements in support of the rural economy, including cheaper housing loans for low cost housing, interest rebates for farmers, and credit limit hikes and tax incentives for small business, it said.
1289, In the coming few months, the real estate sector is set to undergo a revolutionary transformation with the onset of Goods and Services Tax (‘GST’) and the Real Estate Regulation Act (‘RERA’), both of which are expected to be significant game changers.  
1290, There is no illustration to support that the presentation of Union Budget would influence voters' mind in state elections, the top court said while disposing of the PIL filed by advocate ML Sharma.
1291, "There is a proposal from the Labour Ministry to levy a cess of 10 paisa per railway ticket to cover 20,000 railway coolies under the ambit of social security net through the Employees Provident Fund Organisation (EPFO)," a source said.
1292, Health insurance providers feel tax incentives to salaried class on purchase of health insurance should be raised. Also, exemption of service tax on health insurance premiums and preventive health check-ups can prompt more people to buy health cover.
1293, With the social fabric of the country undergoing changes, it is imperative to encourage the lower/ middle income segments to provide for their own security.
1294, Globally, the ETF market has grown by over 50% over the last 3 - 5 years to over USD 3 Trillion of assets under management (AUM) due to multiple features characteristic of an ETF such as cost efficiency, liquidity, diversification. 
1295, The five-member panel was tasked to review the FRBM Act in view of suggestions that there should be a broad range for government's fiscal deficit in place of the current practice of having a fixed target.
1296, At present, gold attracts Customs duty of 10 percent, excise duty of 1 percent and 1.5 percent value added tax (VAT), taking total taxes on the yellow metal to 13 percent.
1297, The number of people who avail some quality cover under personal insurance is very low and revenue collection of government is no way going to get affected materially by extending some tax benefit as non-life penetration still stands at a low of 0.7% of GDP and personal insurance would be hardly measurable.
1298, Of the total Rs 55,000 crore alotted to the railways this Budget, Rs 15,000 crore will be kept aside for the safety fund. The fund will be used to renew tracks and bridges, for manpower training and for track inspections.

1299, In an exclusive CNBC-TV18 panel discussion, market experts SP Tulsian, Dipan Mehta, Daljeet Singh Kohli and Prakash Diwan listed out their top stock bets ahead of the Budget.
1300, The company has a long waiting list for the vehicle which will be cleared soon so that more and more Hexa could come on road, Business Unit President for passenger vehicles at Tata Motors Mayank Pareek said.
1301, All India Gems and Jewellery Trade Federation (GJF), the apex body for domestic gems and jewellery industry, has recomended the Finance Minister to increase the mandatory PAN card limit to Rs 5 lakh and above.
1302, Surendra Goyal of Citi says in the run-up to the Union Budget this year, MSCI India is up 3 percent in 2017 so far, with expectations of a tax-payer friendly Budget to boost consumer sentiment post demonetisation.
1303, Equalisation levy of 6 percent, introduced in 2016-17, may be widened to account for downloading of songs, books and other online consumption such as news and the movies; rate likely to be kept unchanged
1304, With just 2 more years at the government’s disposal to reinforce growth, Nilesh Shah, MD & CEO of Envision Capital hopes it does not stick to the path of fiscal consolidation in the upcoming Budget. It is worth taking the risk and providing incentives to bolster investment and consumption, he says in an interview to CNBC-TV18.
1305, Department of Telecom has identified about 580 Mhz of spectrum across 700, 1800, 2100, 2300 Mhz and 5G airwaves that will be auctioned in 2017
1306, The extent of the cut in MAT’s rate will depend on the reduction in headline corporate income tax rate that the finance minister is expected to announce in the budget
1307, Focus in 2017-18 may move to strategic sale of significant government equity in loss making units; NITI Aayog preparing list of unlisted state-owned companies that may qualify for strategic sale 
1308, The industry players also want the government to provide a road map towards bringing down corporate income tax down to 25 percent.
1309, According to the global financial services major, the government should continue with its fiscal consolidation in a "practical fashion" and stick to the 3 per cent pre-announced fiscal deficit for 2016-17, but give itself headroom for compensating States for revenue losses once GST is in place.
1310, Speaking to CNBC-TV18, Surendra Mehta, Director of IBJA said that the organisation is looking at an import duty cut because it is damaging the organised sector as the illegal import in the country is creating a big price difference with the unorganised players.
1311, According to the Dun & Bradstreet report, there is upside risk of further contagion from the slowdown in the developed economies and the Indian economy also faces considerable challenges from demonetisation especially in the rural segment.
1312, In its budget proposal to the Finance Ministry, Sebi has recommended reducing the securities transaction tax (STT) on stock trading, sources said.
1313, Long term capital gain tax rules may change and dividends may become taxable.
1314, R&D/clinical trial services performed in India are liable to service tax at the rate of 15% even when the recipient of service is situated outside India. To lower the cost of provision of such services and to boost innovation in the country and make such services globally competitive, it is important to provide for some sort of exemption.
1315, According to Japanese financial services major Nomura, a populist Budget is not likely, though there are concerns that the government may be tempted to provide such measures amid derailment of growth momentum post demonetisation.
1316, DPP 2016 has unveiled a unique procurement category under the heading ‘Buy – Indian (IDDM)’ (Indigenously Designed, Developed and Manufactured) as the preferred mode of defence procurements by the government.
1317, Easwar-panel on I-T simplification is also believed to have favoured replacing the ICDS with a simpler system. Industry bodies say this has increased compliance costs
1318, This audio-visual clip spells out what happens after the FM's Budget speech and the the process of implementing the Budget after it is tabled in the parliament.
1319, The budget speech also proposes a hike in MUDRA fund.
1320, Finance minister did not introduce additional taxes on the trading profits.
1321, Finance minister has also decided to stick to fiscal prudence. 
1322, Budget proposes a 10% surcharge on income above Rs 50 lakh up to Rs 1 crore
1323, Finance Minister has increased investments for the development of youth.
1324, The budget failed to offer anything in health insurance sector for senior citizens.
1325, Budget 2017 has taken small steps to help homemakers to build their future.
1326, Ahead of the Budget, CNBC-TV18, Forbes India and BMR Advisors conducted pre-budget poll of select CEOs to ascertain the expectations of India Inc from Budget 2017.
1327, Watch the interview of Girish Vanvari, Head-Tax at KPMG India and Gautam Mehra, Leader-Tax & Regulatory Services at PwC India with Surabhi Upadhyay on CNBC-TV18, in which they are talking about personal taxation.
1328, All eyes are on Budget which is just round the corner and Haseeb Drabu, Finance Minister of Jammu and Kashmir, suggests that Arun Jaitley should focus on public expenditure.
1329, Even as some experts raise questions about what this will do to the railways' autonomy, CNBC-TV18 tries to gauge just how much budgetary support Finance Minister Arun Jaitley will give his colleague Railways Minister Suresh Prabhu.
1330, SEBI's decision to allow mutual funds to invest in real estate investment trusts or REITs is good news for the real estate sector.
1331, According to sources, the government may cut or eliminate excise duty on manufacturing of micro ATMs, finger print readers, biometric cards and PIN cards.
1332, Over the years Finance Ministers in India have unleashed their literary spirit from within. In their Budget speeches, they have often quoted poets, saints, economists and litterateurs to buttress a given political social and economic context. Here are a few select picks from the annals.
1333, The GDP growth forecasts have been affected by demonetisation, which in turn has led to high expectations of a budget which will cut taxes, incentivize savings, raise more revenue, be anti-inflationary and push growth
1334, Union Budget 2017 should offer additional tax benefits to home buyers. 
1335, One of the major expectations and anticipated amendmentS from this Budget is the tax reform which would increase disposable income in the hands of an individual. There are expectations that there would be a revision in individual tax slabs.
1336, With Budget round the corner, market might take a breather now, says Nitin Jain, Principle Investment Manager at Kotak UK.  He believes there will be continued support from domestic funds on dips.
1337, Every year, bond market participants want the government to cut the fiscal deficit, which will lead to lower borrowing and hence lower interest rates. This year, too, the bond market wants the government to cut the fiscal deficit to 3.0 percent of GDP from the current year’s 3.5 percent of GDP.
1338, Sunil Subramaniam, CEO, Sundaram Mutual believes 2017 the government will focus on rural economy and infrastructure space in the upcoming Union Budget as they will aim to kick-start the economic growth. 
1339, All eyes on the FM’s nominal GDP growth rate forecast that would offer cues on how fast the government expects the economy to revive from the demonetisation-induced deceleration.
1340, Re-visiting the tax rates is the need of the hour to soothe the common man from the perils of Demonetisation. Considering the cost of living even in a Tier III city the current tax slabs and the available deductions are just too little.
1341, The upcoming Union Budget of 2017 should also look at providing definitive answers for delayed payments that continue to plague the industry, particularly in the wind sector. 
1342, While 'Budget-watching' is entertaining, one particular Budget is usually not a life-changing event. Hence, pay more attention to your individual budget all year-round
1343, The comments from S&P's India analyst Kyran Curry come as Finance Minister Arun Jaitley faces pressure to cut taxes and hike spending in his annual budget next week - even at the cost of an earlier promise to trim the fiscal gap to 3 percent of GDP in 2017/18 from the 3.5 percent budgeted this year.
1344, Considering the run up to Union Budget 2017, the expectations of ‘feel-good’ factors being featured in the budget proposals are pretty high.  A few more tax and policy initiatives are required to shore up sentiments among investors, both domestic and foreign.
1345, All eyes are on Budget, which is just round the corner, and Koushik Chatterjee, Group ED, Tata Steel is of the view that investments in research and development (R&D) is a necessity and Indian companies must take on the R&D path as a critical business objective.
1346, The FM may also have to sweeten the Union Budget 2017 for the people of India, at large, who have faced some hardships due to demonetisation; and also to promote digital transactions and head towards a cashless economy.
1347, "Cairn Energy would like the Government of India to take the opportunity to repeal the legislation on retrospective taxation in the forthcoming budget.
1348, 2016 was a busy year of policy overhaul for the energy sector. The government introduced policy reforms, with the new Hydrocarbon Exploration and Licensing Policy (‘HELP’) replacing the earlier NELP regime.
1349, The principal objectives of the government would be to enhance revenue, revive investment and persist with the reforms on subsidy, this time possibly by extending the Direct Benefit Transfer (DBT) on fertilisers
1350, The best tax systems are those where the richest pay the highest rates of tax. In India, those with an annual taxable income of more than Rs 1 crore pay an effective tax rate of 35.6 percent.
1351, A clear road map for implementation of GST should be announced.
1352, Due to a push towards affordable housing, the housing sector, even with poor volumes off late due to demonetisation, may start to do well, says Prabhat Awasthi, Head-Equities, Nomura India. Cement sector will also gain due to this. 
1353, Here is a wishlist of the common man from Union budget 2017
1354, India Inc is expecting some move on easing the country's tax system in the upcoming Budget. Dramatic simplification of income tax process and rates is expected, especially for the small industries, said V Vaidyanathan, Chairman of Capital First. 

1355, Steady growth and expansion of telecom sector is fundamental for the government’s ‘Digital India’ program that is poised to redefine the lives of its 1.25 billion citizens.
1356, To provide further thrust to infrastructure investments, long term capital gains invested in mutual fund schemes with underlying investments in the infrastructure sector and with lock-in period of three years may be covered under section 54EC.
1357, Finance Ministry today said the drive to transform India will continue in Budget 2017-18 to be unveiled by Finance Minister Arun Jaitley on February 1.
1358, Brain Jacobsen of Well Fargo Funds Management is expecting tax cuts, income transfer to poor as well as boost for consumption and investment both in the Budget slated for February 1. 
1359, The Union budget is going to be a "market-neutral" event as policymakers are not likely to change their policy stance and will continue to focus on fiscal consolidation, says a Morgan Stanley report.
1360, Expect an increase in tax exemption limit for the salaried class and a lowering of the existing corporate tax rate to stimulate economic growth.
1361, Kolkata-based Emami too is expecting a growth oriented budget "to boost consumption, increase public investment, promote digitisation, broaden tax base and lead higher growth" and improvement of business sentiments.
1362, So net net imposing taxes on capital gains from equity investing is taxation at multiple levels for investors; on tax paid profit generation which is what drives the markets.
1363, Such exemptions would aid funds infusion into infrastructure projects and also allow for potentially reasonable returns, said  M K Surana, Chairman and Managing Director, HPCL.
1364, Currently, the government sponsored Rashtriya Swasthya Bima Yojana (RSBY) scheme covers those below the poverty line and offers coverage of up to Rs 30,000.
1365, Market is looking for are fiscal target and Government spending. Market will be happy if FM maintains a fiscal target of not more than 3.5% in FY18 as in FY17.This is because infrastructure and rural spending will an important arena to push for in the long-term
1366, Ensure healthcare security of the nation by incentivizing purchase of health insurance
1367, “This scheme will provide coverage not only to those families living below the poverty line, but also to the general masses. Since the country already has schemes for term insurance and personal accident accessible across income groups, this could be the next addition to it,” an official close to the development said.
1368, While Prime Minister Narendra Modi's administration is widely seen as being friendly to businesses and investors, it not expected to announce any dramatic moves at a time when the economy is under pressure from a cash squeeze.
1369, The letter sent to the prime minister earlier this week cited the Election Commission directive on January 23 asking the Central government not to announce any specific scheme for the five states going to polls in keeping with the model code of conduct.
1370, We believe that government’s aim is to leave consumers with more disposable income and fuel the consumption demand. Therefore, lower tax rates will play an important trigger, as interest rates have come off in a big way
1371, Under the leadership of Mr. Narendra Modi, we are positive to have an announcement that will create a revolutionary change. The government has already expressed its vision of housing for all by 2022 and the backup from the budget will only help in expediting homes to become more affordable while meeting the objectives
1372, EY enlists the expectations of the financial industry from Union Budget 2017
1373, While the Indian economy is gathering momentum, it is imperative that key bills such as the GST and the Bankruptcy Bill be implemented in 2017. The upcoming Budget will give the government the chance to chart the future course for structural and institutional reforms. 
1374, This audio-visual clip explains the process behind preparing the Budget documents and how secrecy is maintained about their contents.
1375, Though government is expected to bring in some reduction in the income tax rates for individuals, there is a possibility of a cash withdrawal tax. 
1376, The key focus this Budget will be on fiscal consolidation and the government is likely to stick to this path, say sources. The Budget will be presented by Finance Minister Arun Jaitley on February 1. 
1377, We bring you some of the iconic Budgets that have made a difference.
1378, With the economy looking for strong investment led thrust in the forthcoming budget, one cannot ignore the importance of Alternative Investment Funds (AIFs) in the Indian economy.
1379, Finance minister Arun Jaitley likely to offer a substantial jump in budget allocations for the rural development ministry; Mission Antyodaya will act as an umbrella programme aimed at offsetting demonetisation’s negative fallout in villages, while also addressing longer-term poverty alleviation issues.
1380, Simultaneously, government should continue its focus on infra spending, rural housing and agri-based sectors like micro-irrigation because of the high multiplier effect of these sectors on economic growth. 
1381, Watch the interview of Somasundaram PR, MD-India of World Gold Council with Manisha Gupta on CNBC-TV18. He spoke about what exactly the jewellery industry is expecting from the Finance Minister in this Budget.
1382, "The last three years have seen a slow but steady uptick in economic growth, but it is likely that this hasn't been accompanied by commensurate job increase in employment and that those sectors which grew faster have low labour intensity and share in overall output," it said in a note.
1383, Annuity received out of maturity of pension fund under the pension or annuity policy should be exempt from tax under Section 10(10A). Annuity purchased after maturity of pension policies of life insurance companies should be exempt from service tax.
1384, Watch Anil Gupta, Professor at IIM Ahmedabad in an interview with Manisha Gupta. He speaks about the agricultural sector and shares his views and wish-list from the Budget.
1385, In an interview to CNBC-TV18’s Manisha Gupta, Samir Shah, MD & CEO at NCDEX spoke about the wishlist prepared by the commodity bourses for the upcoming Budget. 
1386, To help tide over the impact of demonetisation-induced slowdown on business, India Inc. is heftily pitching for a relief on corporate taxes in the upcoming Union Budget for 2017-18.
1387, In an interview to CNBC-TV18’s Manisha Gupta, Pravin Dongre, Chairman at IPGA spoke about what the pulses sector is expecting from the upcoming Budget. 
1388, The sharp run-up of almost 8 percent in the broad indices in the month preceding the Budget suggests that the market is expecting the moon, however, it takes just one announcement from Jaitley to pour cold water over such high hopes.
1389, Watch accompanying videos of Young Turks - Budget Special to know what Start-Up Inc and budding entrepreneurs are expecting from the Union Budget.
1390, To deal with stressed assets, further measures could also be taken to assuage the risks associated with project loans turning bad.
1391, Insurance penetration, which refers to insurance premiums as a percentage of gross domestic product (GDP), stands at 3.4 percent in India according to the Swiss Re sigma report
1392, Last year, the ministry had allotted Rs 87,765 crore for the development of the distressed rural sector, of which Rs 38,500 crore was set aside for the Mahatma Gandhi National Rural Employment Guarantee Scheme.
1393, The share of subsidies as proportion of total expenditure has been on a decline since 2012. Back then it stood at 18.23 percent and now it has fallen to 11.19 percent. 
1394, Finance Minister Arun Jaitley on Wednesday announced a budgetary allocation of Rs 3.96 lakh crore for infrastructure projects for FY18. This is roughly 80 percent higher than the budget estimate of Rs 221,246 crore for FY17.
1395, The 2017/18 Budget comes less than three months after Prime Minister Narendra Modi's bold and risky gamble to outlaw high-value old currency bills, which has slammed the brakes on Asia's third-largest economy and hit the poor particularly hard.
1396, Steel Authority of India Ltd (SAIL) Chairman P K Singh said that in the upcoming budget the clean energy cess on coking coal should be withdrawn and the import duty on metallurgical coal should also become nil.
1397, Apart from increasing the limit, the tax rate should be reduced he said in a statement.
1398, The industry also wants the government to focus on infrastructure, unveil measures to widen the tax base and lower personal income tax rates to boost consumption.
1399, We look forward to few changes in terms of (a) increase in tax exemption limit under Section 80C for ELSS Schemes (b) additional limit under Section 80CCD for investment in mutual fund linked retirement benefit/pension schemes.
1400, It is widely expected that the Budget will announce relax the income-tax threshold limits to regain the goodwill of the middle class, which has been inconvenienced by demonetization
1401, Brokerage houses are expecting a mix of tax breaks and policy initiatives which should help the sector regain some of its lost momentum
1402, Most brokerage houses expect the government to increase the tax deduction limit for housing loans, particularly for buyers in metropolitan cities
1403, Any taxation on equity markets, though unlikely, will definitely irk the markets, CNBC-TV18 Consulting Editor Udayan Mukherjee says.
1404, Finance Minister Arun Jaitley might announce some major changes in the tax landscape. Here, we explain a few taxation terms that might crop up and what is likely to change relating to them.
1405, In a widely anticipated move, the Finance Minister Arun Jaitley pegged the fiscal deficit target at 3.2 percent of GDP for 2017-18. 
1406, Finance minister Arun Jaitley will table the Economic Survey, an official report of the economy, in Parliament on Tuesday.
1407, Trinamool will also not attend the all-party meeting convened by Lok Sabha Speaker Sumitra Mahajan this evening ahead of the Budget session of Parliament beginning tomorrow.
1408, Greater clarity on GST implementation and roadmap to lower taxes 
1409, Announcing the setup of a rail safety corpus, Finance Minister Arun Jaitley in his Union Budget speech proposed to invest Rs 1.3 lakh crore in Indian Railways in the fiscal year 2017-18. 
1410, Presented a day before the Union Budget, the Economic Survey serves as the official report of the economy. 
1411, From "assessment year" to "tax deductions", here is an audio-visual clip that spells out the key terms that the Finance Minister will use in his Budget speech. 
1412, Moneycontrol.com conducted a survey of Indian startups across sectors to get a sense of their suggestions for the Modi government this Union Budget. Startups were questioned on a range of issues including tax holiday, demonestisation, investment climate and Startup India policy. Here are the results:
1413, While startup CEOs and tech world echoed against protectionism, the survey conducted two months after the controversy paints a different picture
1414, Finance Minister Arun Jaitley Wednesday, announced a spate of initiatives in the agriculture sector with an increased outlay of Rs 10 lakh crore for FY18 as he presented the Union Budget for 2017-18.
1415, The intention of the government seems clear to slowly and steadily develop an entire back end eco system in India for manufacture of mobile phones.
1416, Considering that Ind AS requires significant use of fair values, this would mean that several potentially large items of gains and losses that are recognized in the P&L would now be considered for MAT calculations.
1417, Accelerated depreciated to be increased from the current 40%. 
1418, It has been clarified that the clarification provided in Budget 2016 on benefit of concessional rate of 10% on transfer of shares of a private company (being long term capital asset) shall apply from 1st April, 2013.  
1419, If the Finance Ministry decides to scrap ICDS, then it must certainly introduce an alternate mechanism for Ind AS companies to compute their taxable income.
1420, No major reforms on the tax and regulatory front was announced in the Lifesciences sector.
1421, Budget 2017: Which things got cheaper or costlier
1422, Telecom companies transfer prepaid vouchers and SIM cards to independent distributors at a discount, who further sell to retailers or subscribers.
1423, Budget 2017 provides for an outlay of Rs 64,000 crore for roads and highways, which will be allotted to National Highways Authority of India (NHAI). Jaitley has also announced Rs 27,000 crore would be specially earmarked for its rural roads programme, Pradhan Mantri Gram Sadak Yojana.
1424, The Finance Minister Arun Jaitley on Wednesday said that the government will stick to its GST rollout date on July 1.
1425, Annuity received from pension plans sold by life insurance companies should be made tax free.
1426, Ravi Uppal, the Managing Director and Group CEO of Jindal Steel and Power says he hopes the government will reduce the corporate tax rate to 25 percent in this Budget. 
1427, Owing to the regulatory / business requirements, an infrastructure company can no longer operate through single entity.
1428, The much needed reforms in reinsurance sector were initiated with the passing of the Insurance Laws (Amendment) Act, 2015 which amended the Insurance Act, 1938.
1429, The farm credit target is likely to be raised by a whopping Rs 1 lakh crore to Rs 10 lakh crore in Budget 2017-18 in order to increase credit flow in the agriculture sector.
1430, The final numbers could change when Finance Minister Arun Jaitley presents the budget for fiscal 2017/18 on Wednesday. But one official familiar with the numbers said the health ministry is expected to get a USD1.5 billion, or 27 percent, increase in funding to around USD 7 billion.
1431, Dark clouds have been looming over the Indian Railways for a long time. As per reports, it is burdened by an operational loss of Rs 33,000 crore. But, not losing hope the railways is not leaving any stone unturned. Moneycontrol takes a look at what this sector on wheels has to offer in the year 2017.
1432, On Wednesday, Finance Minister Arun Jaitley announced a divestment target of Rs 72,500 crore for FY18, 60 percent higher than the previous fiscal's revised estimate of Rs 45,500 crore.
1433, As of today India is fastest growing (major) economy and the country will continue that, Goyal said in a TV programme 'Budget Aaj Tak'.
1434, Asserting that demonetisation will not kill blackmoney, Chidambaram said that the government should strike at the menace.
1435, This will be the first time in 92 years that there will be no separate Railway Budget but the provisions related to India’s largest transport services provider will form part of the main Union Budget.
1436, Currently, customers are required to undergo the know-your-customer compliance for any bullion or jewellery purchases over Rs 2 lakh.
1437, Entering 2016 as the world's fastest-growing economy with annual gross domestic product (GDP) growth of 7.6 percent, the South Asian giant now faces shrinking factory output, consumption and rural demand following Prime Minister Narendra Modi's contentious currency reform that launched in November.
1438, Analysts expect tax policy for cigarettes to be benign, with an anticipation of an increase in excise duty on cigarettes by 10 percent across slabs and also the likely introduction of 59-mm segment in the current slab structure.
1439, This article seeks to address the rumours of a three year holding period for eligibility under long term capital gains and how it will impact your investment math.
1440, The Budget session of Parliament was on Saturday convened to start from January 31, a day before the Union Budget is likely to be presented on February1.
1441, The life insurance penetration is still tumbling in India, which currently is at 2.72% for the year 2015 dipping from 3.4% in the year 2011.
1442, Former Principal Advisor to Planning Commission Pronab Sen has expressed apprehensions over the applicability of the Economic Survey 2017 in the Budget.
1443, It is important for the Government to refocus on its strategic intent rather than making the Budget a populist one. One of the important strategic initiatives of this Government is "Ease of Doing Business in India”. While a lot of work has been initiated on this front, but yeh dil maange more
1444, "Demonetisation is likely to push back the recovery in Indian banks' asset quality, given the disruptive impact that cash shortages have had on the country's large informal economy," Fitch Ratings said in a statement.
1445, The initial plan had envisaged out of the total requirement, the government will make available Rs 70,000 crore out of budgetary allocations for four years
1446, Catch live updates as Finance Minister Arun Jaitley tables the India Economic Survey 2017 authored by Chief Economic Advisor Arvind Subramanian.
1447, ONGC, Tata Steel, Dr Reddy's Labs, NTPC and Bharti Airtel are top gainers while GAIL, Coal India, TCS, Adani Ports and Infosys are losers in the Sensex.
1448, President Pranab Mukherjee highlights the key achievement of the government during the year and presenting a roadmap for the budget ahead.
1449, To boost capital investment in manufacturing sector in future, it is expected that the existing benefit for additional deduction of 15 percent in respect of acquisition and installation of new plant and machinery to be extended for investments beyond March 31, 2017
1450, That Union Budgets can fetch a few extra seats was shown by P Chidambaram in 2009 when he announced a loan waiver for farmers. This budget has been advanced by a month, and with due permission from the Election Commission, would be unveiled before the first vote is cast in Goa and Punjab this Sunday.
1451, There should be comprehensive discussion for welfare of society, Modi told reporters outside Parliament.
1452, The Government, he said, is also committed to combating terrorism and to ensure that perpetrators of such acts are brought to justice.
1453, Mukherjee, in his address to Parliament ahead of the crucial Budget Session, said that Champaran, whose centenary is being celebrated this year, gave a new direction to the freedom struggle, channelising ‘jana shakti’. He said the resilience demonstrated by the poor in the fight against black money and corruption was remarkable.
1454, A legislation has been introduced in the US House of Representatives which among other things calls for more than doubling the minimum salary of H-1B visa holders to USD 130,000, making it difficult for firms to use the programme to replace American employees with foreign workers, including from India.
1455, The Budget Session of the Parliament begins on February 1. According to the Press Information Bureau, Union Minster of Parliamentary Affairs, Ananth Kumar stated that the legislative agenda of the 31 sittings of the Budget session includes 40 bills consisting of a bill relating to supplementary demands for the general Budget.
1456, In an interview to CNBC-TV18’s Manisha Gupta, Rajesh Khosla, MD at MMTC-PAMP India spoke about what he expects from the Budget and about the importance of GST for the gold industry.
1457, Median forecasts ahead of Finance Minister Arun Jaitley's Budget are broadly in line with figures discussed over the past few days, with deficit forecasts ranging from just under 3 percent to as high as 4 percent for the coming two years. The poll was conducted Jan. 27-30.
1458, The Survey lists the some of the challenges that might impede India’s progress. These challenges are classified by the Survey as follows: ambivalence about property rights and the private sector, deficiencies in State capacity, especially in delivering essential services and inefficient redistribution.
1459, Since the 2008-09 Global Financial Crisis (GFC), internationally fiscal policy has seen a paradigm shift from the emphasis on debts to deficits, arguing for greater activism in flows (deficits) and minimizing concerns about sustainability of the stocks (debt). 
1460, Kicking off the Budget Session on Tuedsay, President Pranab Mukherjee spoke at length on several key policies of the government and challenges it faces. 
1461, The market continues to see selling pressure even after Economic Survey is tabled in the Parliament. The Sensex is down 93.26 points or 0.3 percent at 27756.30, and the Nifty down 40.70 points or 0.5 percent at 8592.05. 

1462, The Economic Survey 2016-17 tabled in Parliament today by the Union Finance Minister Shri Arun Jaitley has advocated the concept of Universal Basic Income (UBI) as an alternative to the various social welfare schemes in an effort to reduce poverty.
1463, In his customary address to the joint sitting of Parliament, he also highlighted various policy initiative taken by the government to prevent tax evasion and deal with menace of black money.
1464, In the period 2001-2011 the rate of growth of labour migrants nearly doubled relative to the previous decade, rising to 4.5 per cent per annum. Interestingly, the acceleration of migration was particularly pronounced for females and increased at nearly twice the rate of male migration in the 2000s. 
1465, “Briefly, the costs include a contraction in cash money supply and subsequent, albeit temporary, slowdown in GDP growth; and benefits include increased digitalization, greater tax compliance and a reduction in real estate prices, which could increase long-run tax revenue collections and GDP growth,” it said.
1466, The Economic Survey for 2016-17, tabled in the Parliament by Finance Minister Arun Jaitley today, underlined the need for more reforms.
1467, India’s experience has reaffirmed the need for rules to contain fiscal deficits, because of the proclivity to spend during booms and undertake stimulus during downturns, the Survey notes.

1468, In an effort to ease of the pressure on banks that are reeling from record bad debts, Finance Minister Arun Jaitley in his Budget speech Wednesday announced Rs 10,000 crore to recapitalise banks. Doubles lending target at Rs 2.44 lakh crore. 
1469, This year, the Economic Survey 2016-17 includes a special section, "Eight Interesting Facts About India", which demystifies many interesting facts about our country that often go unnoticed.
1470, Speaking to CNBC-TV18, Pranjul Bhandari, Chief India Economist at HSBC, said the Economic Survey’s forecast of a 6.75 percent to 7.5 percent growth in the Indian economy was realistic.
1471, "Demonetisation could have particularly profound impact on the real estate sector," it said in an analysis on the impact of note ban announced on November 8.
1472, The law for determining tax residency for foreign companies by way of their POEM has been in force since April last year.
1473, The forecast on real GDP growth in the range of 6.75%-7.75% for FY18 should translate into a nominal growth of 11-12% for the coming fiscal. The forecast comes with caveat of three imponderables – lingering impact of demonetisation beyond the current fiscal, a rise in crude prices and the impact of GST.
1474, The Survey has cautioned the government that it should use any windfall arising out of unreturned Rs 500 and Rs 1000 notes for capital expenditure rather than current expenditures like salaries and subsidies
1475, The government should make its policies centric to the affordable housing segment for the end use consumer.
1476, The Economic Survey 2016-17 said that multiple labour laws are allowing companies to circumvent laws to engage people on contract and casual basis
1477, The Sensex is up 29.98 points or 0.1 percent at 27685.94 On Budget day. The Nifty is up 9.75 points or 0.1 percent at 8571.05. About 918 shares have advanced, 519 shares declined, and 139 shares are unchanged.
1478, The market is cautious ahead of Budget speech by Finance Minister Arun Jaitley at 11 am. The Sensex is up 13.26 points at 27669.22 and the Nifty is up 4.45 points at 8565.75. About 948 shares have advanced, 790 shares declined, and 150 shares are unchanged.
1479, SBI, Adani Ports, HDFC, Asian Paints and Maruti are top gainers in the Sensex. TCS, Infosys, Wipro, ICICI Bank and NTPC are losers. Auto stocks are in focus as monthly sales data will be annlunced today.
1480, SBI, Adani Ports, Maruti, HDFC and BHEL are top gainers while TCS, Infosys, Wipro, ICICI Bank and NTPC are losers in the Sensex.
1481, For perhaps the first time, Indian government has made a strong statement against rating agencies by in the Economic Survey questioning their rationale 
1482, Demonetization has caused significant short-term disruption and there is a need to provide a healing touch as well as to demonstrate the path for long-term gain. 
1483, Here is a video to take you through the key takeaways from the Economic Survey 2016-17.
1484, Chief Economic Adviser Arvind Subramanian’s Economic Survey liberally relies on saints, poets, philosophers, politicians and economists to reinforce complex economic arguments 
1485, Currently, the government is paying six percent implicit subsidy on gold after imposing ten percent import duty on the shiny metal. Subsidy paid to middle class on gold was second highest paid subsidy at Rs 10,800 crore, after LPG at RS. 28,219 crore. 
1486, Demonetisation has created high uncertainty as far as growth is concerned, said the Chief Economic Advisor Arvind Subramanian. Alongwith domestic market, global events including currency and commodity movements also add to this uncertainty. 
1487, SP Tulsian of sptulsian.com does not take positive call on companies like Oil India and ONGC. According to him, government will never take the move of reducing the cess on the crude as it is a big source of revenue for the government. 
1488, Prime Minister Narendra Modi's surprise decision last November to scrap high-value banknotes worth 86 percent of India's cash in circulation has hit consumer demand, disrupted supply chains and hurt capital investments.
1489, Besides, the budget will also give thrust on infrastructure development including laying new lines, electrification, modernisation and station redevelopment with private participation.
1490, This year, the government has decided to advance the Union Budget presentation to February 1, doing away with a decade-old practice of presenting it on the last working day of February.
1491, Ahamed had served as minister of state for external affairs in the erstwhile UPA government.
1492, The pre-Budget Economic Survey, tabled in Parliament on Tuesday, said that India will at grow at 6.75 to 7.5 percent in 2017-18, hinting that turnaround in the broader economy, still reeling under the effects of cash crunch, will take longer than expected.
1493, Finance Minister Arun Jaitley is presenting the Union Budget 2017-18 in Parliament today. Catch live updates here.
1494, In the run up to the Budget, what the key stocks that we need to watch out for? Varinder Bansal of CNBC-TV18 gives the list of key stocks to focus on Budget 2017.
1495, Finance Minister Arun Jaitley will unveil Budget 2017 at 11 am today. Market will watch for government’s FY18 fiscal deficit target, divestment plans, announcement on the taxation front and a lot more. Shereen Bhan of CNBC-TV18 has details on what is the buzz on North block.

1496, The Budget is not likely to have lasting impact on the index, believes Chris Roberts of Asianomics Group. The current uptrend will mostly continue irrespective of the Budget outcome. 
1497, CNBC-TV18's Anuj Singhal is assessing the trade set-up or the market set-up for  today on the occasion of the Budget 2017.
1498, Economist, Jahangir Aziz, Asia Economic Research, JPMorgan thinks the government will stick to the path of fiscal consolidation of around 3.2 to 3.3 percent. 
1499, “Over Rs 3 lakh crores are spent in rural areas every year, if we add up all the programmes meant for rural poor from the Central Budget, State Budgets, Bank linkage for self-help groups, etc,” Jaitley said in his budget speech.
1500, Speaking to CNBC-TV18, Gautam Chhaochharia, Head of India Research, UBS Securities, said the markets expect changes to the corporate tax regime and have already digested it,
1501, Watch the interview of Sudarshan Sukhani, Ashwani Gujral and Mitessh Thakkar with Anuj Singhal, Latha Venkatesh and Sonia Shenoy on CNBC-TV18.
1502, The Department of Investment and Public Asset Management (DIPAM) has so far realized about Rs 30,000 crore of disinvestment revenues.
1503, In the Union Budget for 2017-18, Finance Minister Arun Jaitley allocated Rs 5,472.84 crore for the Ministry of New and Renewable Energy (MNRE), which is an increase of 25 percent from FY17 revised estimates.
1504, Jaitley, however, spelled out the fixed deficit target for 2017-18, but introduced a new framework specifying a fiscal deficit “range” from 2018-19 onwards.
1505, Speaking to CNBC-TV18, Vikas Khemani, President and Chief Executive Officer at Edelweiss Securities, said that fiscal deficit would be the number to watch.
1506, Shares of Texmaco Rail, Kalindee Rail Nirman, Titagarh Wagons and Kernex Microsystems were down 3 percent to 5 percent on Wednesday.
1507, The Finance Ministers, in their Budget speeches, have often quoted famous economists, poets, ministers and even litteratures to give a political and economic context.
1508, The government is all set to present its Budget for 2017 at 11 AM today. This Budget will be watched closely as it is the first one after the government’s demonetisation move that was implemented in November 2016. 

1509, Nilesh Shah, MD & CEO, Envision Capital and Govindarajan Chellappa, MD & Head of India Research, Jefferies both believe the most watched for in the Budget 2017 would be the fiscal deficit number and more than just the number, it will be government’s commitment to stick to the path of fiscal consolidation
1510, In an interview to CNBC-TV18's Latha Venkatesh, Bibek Debroy, Member of NITI Aayog and Subir Gokarn, Executive Director of International Monetary Fund (IMF) shared their readings and outlook the Budget.
1511, Chetan Ahya, Co-Head Of Global Economics & Chief Asia Economist, Morgan Stanley expects fiscal deficit target to be kept around 3.3 percent. He also believes an increase in PSU bank recapitalisation to Rs 25,000 crore will lift sentiment. 
1512, CNBC-TV18's veteran commentator Udayan Mukherjee said the government should instead focus on fixing rural India, which was worst affected by the note ban in November.
1513, Compiled by IHS Markit, the Nikkei Manufacturing Purchasing Managers' Index rose to 50.4 in January from 49.6. A reading above 50 indicates expansion.
1514, Shares of Maruti Suzuki, the country's largest car maker, touched a record high of Rs 5,980, up 1.4 percent intraday after showing a 27 percent increase in January sales despite demonetisation.
1515, In a panel discussion on CNBC-TV18 Ashok Wadhwa , Group CEO, Ambit said that the market is expecting some tinkering in the long term capital gain (LTCG) tax and might see a 5 percent tax on the same.
1516, Finance Minister Arun Jaitley on Wednesday presented perhaps the most eagerly watched Budget in the recent past. Here are the key takeaways from his Budget speech.
1517, The tweet came as doubt was being cast over presentation of the Budget in the wake the death of former Union minister and Indian Union Muslim League leader E Ahamed early this morning.
1518, Finance Minister Arun Jaitley on Wednesday announced reduction in income tax rate for individuals having taxable income of Rs 2.5 lakh to Rs 5 lakh to 5 percent from 10 percent.
1519, Watch accompanying videos of Finance Minister Arun Jaitely presenting the Union Budget 2017.
1520, The corpus -- called Rashtriya Rail Sanraksha Kosh -- will be used to carry out various passenger safety works and will come up over 5 years.
1521, With a relatively benign inflation trend, the projection could push India’s real or inflation adjusted economic growth to about 7-7.5 percent. 
1522, "They had information (about E Ahmed's death) and could have decided yesterday (to make it public) but they put that on hold. They thought they will take a decision after the presentation of the Budget.
1523, SBI, ITC, HDFC, Maruti and L&T are gainers while TCS, Lupin, Infosys, Dr Reddy's Labs and NTPC are losers in the Sensex.
1524, Demonetisation has been a bold decision of the government against black money, Finance Minister Arun Jaitley said is his Budget speech today. 

1525, In an interview to CNBC-TV18’s Sonia Shenoy & Udayan Mukherjee, Nirmal Jain of IIFL, Raamdeo Agarwal of Motilal Oswal and Neelkanth Mishra of Credit Suisse gave their take on what Arun Jaitely’s Union Budget may look like and the road ahead.

1526, The Sensex is up 67.49 points or 0.2 percent at 27723.45, and the Nifty up 17.65 points or 0.2 percent at 8578.95. About 1328 shares have advanced, 1001 shares declined, and 182 shares are unchanged.
1527, The Finance Minister said advancing the date of the Budget, merging the Rail Budget with the Union Budget, and doing away with the classification of plan and non-plan expenditure were three major reforms.
1528, The government fixed agri credit at a record of Rs 10 lakh crore and committed to double farmer income in next five years.
1529, Expectations were rife that the Narendra Modi government will announce a populist budget given the fact that five states are going to assembly polls later this month. Measures aimed at soothing the adverse impact of demonetization are also expected.
1530, India is a "bright spot" in the world economy, Finance Minister Arun Jaitley said as he unveiled his annual Budget on Wednesday, adding that the impact on growth from the government's cash crackdown would wear off soon.
1531, Finance Minister Arun Jaitley presented the Union Budget 2017-18 in which he announced to set up dairy processing fund by the government.
1532, Finance Minister Arun Jaitley today said the focus of his Budget for 2017-18 will be on 10 important sectors, including farmers, infrastructure, digital economy and tax administration to transform, energise and clean India.
1533, In his Budget speech, Finance Minister Arun Jaitley said that to leverage Information Technology, a new platform called Swayam will be launched. Students will have access to more than 1500 courses. The government will also tie-up with DTH channels for the same. 
1534, SBI, ITC, Maruti, HDFC and Tata Motors are gainers while TCS, Dr Reddy's, Lupin, Infosys and NTPC are losers in the Sensex.
1535, Demonetisation was a bold and decisive strike in a series of measures to arrive at a new normal of bigger, cleaner and real GDP, he said, adding that it has only a transient impact on economy and the long term benefit include higher GDP growth and tax revenue.
1536, Finance Minister Arun Jaitley in Union Budget 2017-18 has announced that the contract for re-development of atleast 25 stations will be awarded in 2017-18.
1537, In the health sector, the government is committed to take structural reforms in the medical practice and education, said the Finance Minister Arun Jaitley in his Budget speech today. 
1538, In his Budget Speech, Finance Minister Arun Jaitley said the government's substantive measures with regard to Foreign Direct Investment had seen more than 90% of FDI proposals come through the automatic route.
1539, Outlining that India has been singled out as a bright spot in the global economy by both the International Monetary Fund (IMF) and the World Bank, Jaitley said: "Inflation has been controlled, low growth has been replaced with high growth and a massive war against black money has been launched."
1540, The government provides short-term crop loans up to Rs 3 lakh at subsidised interest rate of 7 percent per annum. An additional incentive of 3 percent is provided to farmers for prompt repayment of loans within due date, making an effective interest rate for them at 4 percent.
1541, Finance Minister Arun Jaitley today announced the abolition of FIPB, a body that clears proposals envisaging foreign investment up to Rs 5,000 crore.
1542, The allocation for the ambitious Bharat Net project is being stepped up to Rs 10,000 crore in 2017-18 and high-speed broadband on optical fibre will be available in over 1.5 lakh gram panchayats with hotspots and access to digital services at low tariffs, Finance Minister Arun Jaitley said today.
1543, Dhanuka Agritech surged 5.17 percent, Jain Irrigation Systems rose 3.17 percent and Kaveri Seed Company gained 1.52 percent on the BSE.
1544, Finance Minister Arun Jaitley in his Union Budget 2017-18 announced a new trade infrastructure export scheme.
1545, The FM also said that high speed broadband will be available in more 150,000 gram panchayats via WiFi hotspots by end of next financial year.
1546, Under Indradhanush roadmap announced in 2015, the government will infuse Rs 70,000 crore in state banks over four years while they will have to raise a further Rs 1.1 lakh crore from the markets to meet their capital requirement in line with global risk norms, known as Basel-III.
1547, Aimed at positioning India as a global manufacturing hub, Finance Minister Arun Jaitley today announced increase in allocations towards schemes like Modified Special Incentive Package Scheme (M-SIPS) and Electronic Development Fund (EDF) to Rs 745 crore in 2017-18.
1548, Prices of public sector banking stocks including State Bank of India, Punjab National Bank and Bank of Baroda jumped more than 3 percent intraday Wednesday as government has allocated Rs 10000 crore for recapitalisation of PSU banks.

1549, In his Budget speech today, Finance Minister Arun Jaitley said the government will look at consolidation option for PSUs and a new CPSE Exchange Traded Fund (ETF) in 2017-18.
1550, The scheme will be on the lines of the package announced for the textiles sector in June last year.
1551, The government has also proposed an amendment to the Reserve Bank Act to enable issuance of electoral bonds. These bonds can be redeemed by the political parties in registered accounts and within a specified time only. 
1552, Finance Minister Arun Jaitley in his Union Budget 2017-18 has reduced basic customs duty on LNG from 5 percent to 2.5 percent.
1553, While tabling the Union Budget 2017-18, Finance Minister Arun Jaitley said that at present the world economy faces a lot of uncertainty nut India remains to be a bright spot in the global landscape.
1554, Allocating a record Rs 3.96 lakh crore to infrastructure sector, Finance Minister Arun Jaitley today said the magnitude of investment will spur economic activities and create more jobs.
1555, "The Union Cabinet chaired by Prime Minister Narendra Modi has given ex-post facto approval to the proposals for extension of tenure of loans under the CLSS vertical of Pradhan Mantri Awas Yojana (Urban) Mission from 15 to 20 years," said an official statement.
1556, The decision to ban cash transactions beyond a threshold is based on the recommendation of the Special Investigation Team on black money that was set up by the Supreme Court, Jaitley said while presenting Union Budget 2017-18 in Parliament.
1557, Deepak Parekh, Chairman, HDFC is disappointed that there was nothing on corporate tax, except a proposal to cut corporate tax rate for MSMEs (Micro Small and Medium Enterprises) having revenues less than Rs 50 crore to 25 percent.
1558, Delivering his fourth Budget address to parliament, Jaitley vowed to spend more on rural areas, infrastructure and poverty alleviation in what he called a Budget for the poor.
1559, Union Bank of India jumped 4.34 percent, Bank of Baroda rose 3.27 percent, SBI went up 3.13 percent and PNB gained 3.12 percent on BSE.
1560, Presenting the Budget in Parliament today, Jaitley said, "In the road sector, I have stepped up the budget allocation for the National Highways from Rs 57,676 crore in the BE of 2016-17 to Rs 64,000 crore in 2017-18."
1561, However, the ratings agency would still need to see more evidence of the effectiveness of reforms to justify a change in its ratings stance, said Marie Diron, associate managing director of the sovereign rating group at Moody's Investors Service.
1562, These rules will be internationally harmonised and attract investments into this sector. This will reduce the cost of such devices," Finance Minister Arun Jaitley said.
1563, Elcina Electronic Industries Association of India said the exemption should be only for short-period to meet immediate needs to address shortages of such machines. In the long-term can, exemption to such machines can be detrimental for local manufacturing.
1564, In an interview to CNBC-TV18’s Shereen Bhan, Hasmukh Adhia, Revenue Secretary gave his take on Arun Jaitely’s Union Budget and outlook on the road ahead.
1565, "A merchant enabled Aadhaar payment system will be launched shortly. This will specially be beneficial to those who do not have debit cards, mobile wallets or mobile phones," Jaitley said while reading out the Budget in Parliament.
1566, Adhering to fiscal consolidation roadmap, Finance Minister Arun Jaitley today said the government will target to bring down the fiscal deficit to 3.2 percent of the GDP in the fiscal 2017-18.
1567, Compared to guarded moves of the past, Jaitley used his fourth budget to launch policy changes including modifying India’s political funding structure, but did not overhaul the corporate or individual income tax system as was widely expected.
1568, Finance Minister Arun Jaitley has presented Union Budget 2017-18 today and he announced that government has allocated Rs 3.96 lakh crore for infrastructure.
1569, “The Fasal Bima Yojana launched by our Government is a major step in this direction. The coverage of this scheme will be increased from 30 percent of cropped area in 2016-17 to 40 percent in 2017-18 and 50 percent in 2018-19,” said Jaitley in the Budget speech.
1570, Finance Minister Arun Jaitley today unveiled measures to leverage India's "huge demographic advantage" and maximise the employability potential of the youth, and also announced a Rs 4,000-crore programme 'SANKALP', aimed at providing market relevant training to 3.5 crore youth across the country.
1571, In an interview to CNBC-TV18’s Latha Venkatesh and Anuj Singhal, HP Ranina, Corporate Lawyer, Shikha Sharma, MD & CEO, Axis Bank, R Shankar Raman, Whole-Time Director & Chief Financial Officer, L&T and Sanjay Dutt, Director at Quantum Securities gave their take on Arun Jaitely’s Union Budget and their outlook on the road ahead.
1572, Describing the Union Budget for 2017-18 as "a fairly routine Budget", former RBI Governor C Rangarajan today said changing the road map to reach the fiscal deficit target of 3 percent over the year will make a mockery of the Fiscal Responsibility and Budget Management (FRBM) Act.
1573, Finance Minister Arun Jaitley said on Wednesday the Union Budget for 2017-18 will push growth, promote digital economy and bring transparency in political funding.
1574, In an interview to CNBC-TV18’s Rituparna Bhuyan, Nirmala Sitharaman, Commerce Minister gave her take on Arun Jaitely’s Union Budget and outlook on the road ahead.
1575, Asserting that quality of education will energise the youth, Finance Minister Arun Jaitley today unleashed measures to revamp the country's education system, including setting up of a National Testing Agency to conduct all entrance examinations for higher education institutions.
1576, With pressures for protectionism building up in several parts of the world, there are "signs of increasing retreat from globalisation of goods, services and people", Finance Minister Arun Jaitley said today.
1577, With railways plagued by repeated derailments, government today proposed setting up of a special safety fund of Rs 1 lakh crore that will cover upgradation of tracks and signalling besides elimination of unmanned level crossings.
1578, A dispute resolution mechanism will be put in place to address issues in the infrastructure space, Finance Minister Arun Jaitley said today.
1579, Watch the accompanying video where in PM Modi reacts to Arun Jaitley's Budget 2017.
1580, This will be annual guaranteed return for all above 60 years of age
1581, The common man may not have got a great deal out of Arun Jaitley’s fourth Budget but the speech showed the finance minister has perfected the art of tightrope walking.
1582, Amid government's push on digital transactions, Finance Minister Arun Jaitley today announced setting up of a Computer Emergency Response Team to strengthen security of the financial sector amid increasing incidents of cyber frauds.
1583, However, gross borrowing has been pegged at Rs 5.8 lakh crore up for 2017-18, marginally higher from Budget estimate of Rs 6 lakh crore in the ongoing fiscal.
1584, The finance minister got some good-natured stick for lengthy speech.
1585, Presenting the Budget in Parliament, Finance Minister Arun Jaitley proposed that category I and II foreign portfolio investors (FPIs) should be exempted from taxation on indirect transfers.
1586, Puducherry Lt Governor Kiran Bedi today said the Union budget for the fiscal 2017-2018 "is the result of a comprehensively, proactively functioning government."
1587, The Union Budget for 2017-18 focused on lifting rural incomes while simultaneously pressing ahead with reforms in several sectors of the Indian economy.
1588, To promote affordable homes, the government also proposed to amend the Section 80-IBA, relaxing the condition of period of completion of the project for claiming deduction from the current three years to 5 years.
1589, "A controversial #Budget2017 which is clueless, useless, baseless, missionless and actionless. Heartless No roadmap for the country or the future from a government that has lost all its credibility," Banerjee said on Twitter.
1590, "A new and restructured central scheme with a focus on export infrastructure, namely, Trade Infrastructure for Export Scheme (TIES) will be launched in 2017-18," Finance Minister Arun Jaitley said in his Budget speech.
1591, Minimum Alternate Tax is at present levied as an advance tax. 
1592, From referral bonus and cash backs on digital transactions to incentives for online ticket bookings and a new AadhaarPay Application, Modi government is all determined to curb cash transactions and give India a digital push.
1593, "This is a Budget for the future - for farmers, underprivileged, transparency, urban rejuvenation, rural development, enterprise," Modi said while commenting on the document presented by Finance Minister Arun Jaitley in the Lok Sabha.
1594, The broad divestment policy remains the same and department is looking to achieve divestment target through minority stake sale, strategic sale, listing of CPSEs, consolidation of oil sector and listing of insurance companies.
1595, The government’s strategic disinvestment plans are in place already and the first such disinvestment can happen in the first quarter of next fiscal, said Arvind Panagariya, Vice-Chairman of NITI Aayog. Fiscal deficit at 3.2 percent by the Finance Minister is a great idea. 
1596, Finance Minister Arun Jaitley’s speech for Budget 2017 doesn’t evince enough interest to buy into NBFC stocks, according to Ajay Srivastava of Dimensions Consulting. He said the Budget lacks enough spunk to buy in NBFC stocks.
1597, Smokers and tobacco consumers will have to shell out more for their indulgence as Finance Minister Arun Jaitley continued with the crackdown on cigarettes and tobacco products by increasing taxes in the Budget for 2017-18.
1598, Tax relief, which the Budget provided to the stock market, alone cannot sustain the rally, growth is needed to fuel it
1599, Unveiling the Budgetary proposals for 2017-18, Jaitley said: "As per the data of assessment year 2015-16, there are 6.94 lakh companies filing returns, out of which 6.67 lakh companies fall in this category. Therefore percentage wise, the 96 per cent companies will get the benefit of this lower taxation".
1600, "The new capital for state of Andhra Pradesh is being constructed by innovative land-pooling mechanism without use of the Land Acquisition Act. I propose to exempt from capital gain tax," Jaitley said while tabling the Union Budget for 2017-18 in the Lok Sabha.
1601, Exporters body FIEO today said investments announced in the Budget on infrastructure, including road, railways and aviation, would help in improving competitiveness and reduce the logistics costs of traders.
1602, Government today said it will raise Rs 72,500 crore through disinvestment of PSUs, including listing of three railway PSUs IRCTC, IRFC and IRCON, and proposed merger and consolidation to create globally competitive public sector units.
1603, In a relief to start-ups, Finance Minister Arun Jaitley today proposed extending the time period for availing tax benefit for three years in the first seven years of existence.
1604, To improve ease of doing business, government today announced a paperless online mechanism for registration as brokerage firms, MFs, portfolio managers and other market intermediaries and linking demat accounts with Aadhaar.
1605, Finance Minister, Arun Jaitley speaks about the Budget he announced today and his reasoning behind it. 
1606, Noting that "limited number of individuals availed this deduction", the Union Budget 2017-18 today proposed to rationalise this tax benefit introduced in Finance Act, 2012 and phase it out from assessment year 2018-19.
1607, The subsidy bill on food, petroleum and fertilisers is estimated at Rs 2,40,338.6 crore for 2017-18 fiscal, according to the Budget proposals presented by Finance Minister Arun Jaitley in Parliament.
1608, The Chairman of the Special Investigation Team (SIT) on black money, Justice (retd) M B Shah said in order to check stash funds some "stern steps" are needed to be taken but the government also has to go by the advice of economists and others and not alone them.
1609, Cigarette major ITC shares hit record high of Rs 269.50, up 4.5 percent intraday Wednesday as excise duty hike was within the analysts' expectations limit.
1610, CNBC-TV18’s Sapna Das spoke to Secretary of Finance, Ashok Lavasa wherein he gave the reason for the deviation in the fiscal number to 3.2%.
1611, A new era has begun by not only adhering to fiscal prudence but also bringing social equity at the same time, Prabhu said after the presentation of the General Budget by Finance Minister Arun Jaitley.
1612, Speaking to CNBC-TV18, Economic Affairs Secretary Shaktikanta Das said Finance Minister Arun Jaitley had presented a strong Budget.
1613, "While the Budget has given relief to salary earners, it completely forgot farmers, youth, senior citizens and women with no substantial provisions for them," Sawant told PTI.
1614, Despite its sops for various sections of society, the Budget seeks to keep fiscal deficit to 3.2 per cent which is laudable, he said, praising Prime Minister Narendra Modi and Finance Minister Arun Jaitley.
1615, India, struggling to lift its local oil production, imports about 80 percent of its oil needs. Prime Minister Narendra Modi in 2015 set the goal of cutting this import dependence to 67 percent by 2020.
1616, The Union Budget largely received a positive response from experts across the industry. Here's a round up of what they had to say.
1617, Meaningful recovery in consumption unlikely as FM focuses targets spends towards rural poor.
1618, The amendment brings about parity in tax treatment between salaried and non-salaried self-employed persons.
1619, Watch the interview of Ashwani Gujral, Sudarshan Sukhani, Mitessh Thakkar, SP Tulsian, and Prakash Diwan with Latha Venkatesh, Anuj Singhal, and Sonia Shenoy on CNBC-TV18, in which they shared their readings and outlook on market technicals, and fundamentals as well as specific stocks and sectors.
1620, The Union Budget has exempted Foreign Portfolio Investors (FPIs) in Category I and II from the indirect transfer provision
1621, Henceforth, political parties can receive only up to Rs 2000 in cash donations per source as part of a major move proposed in the Budget to cleanse the electoral system of black money.
1622, The government has waived basic custom duty on nickel -- a key steel making raw material -- in a major relief to the steel industry which is facing tough times.
1623, Chhattisgarh Chief Minister Raman Singh praised the Union Budget presented today in Parliament, saying it is in accordance with Prime Minister Narendra Modi's vision of 'Sabke Saath Sabka Vikas'.
1624, The target is 44 percent lower from the Rs. 78,715 crore the government expects to collect under the same heads in 2016-17.
1625, The amount budgeted for 'Indira Gandhi Matritva Sahyog Yojana' saw a four times jump with Rs 2,700 crore being set aside this year as compared to Rs 634 crore in 2016-17. As per this scheme Rs 6,000 will be provided for mothers who seek institutionalised delivery and vaccination.
1626, Although no major reforms were announced, plans to amend Drugs and Cosmetics Rules, formulate new norms for medical devices and taking steps for strengthening medical education will reduce healthcare cost for the masses, industry players today said.
1627, Aiming to double farmers' income by 2022, the government today increased agri-credit target by 11 percent to Rs 10 lakh crore for next fiscal and announced two dedicated funds with a corpus of Rs 13,000 crore to promote micro irrigation and dairy processing.
1628, Giving a boost to clean energy programme, Finance Minister Arun Jaitley today proposed massive cuts in excise and customs duties on materials used in solar and wind plants, and also announced the second phase of solar park development for 20 GW capacity.
1629, Elections in India has largely been a game of cash, with parties spending on through cash for a variety of purposes including renting a chair for a public meeting that comes for Rs 10 a day, festoons for Rs 600 apiece and helicopter rides that cost upto Rs 500,000 an hour.
1630, "Focus on farmers, infrastructure and digital economy will create transparency and will have an overall positive sentiment in the market," PNG Jewellers Chairman and Managing Director and India Bullion and Jewellers Association (IBJA) Saurabh Gadgil told PTI here.
1631, Reacting to the proposals in the Budget presented by Finance Minister Arun Jaitley today, he praised the Centre's move to bring "much-needed" reforms in political funding by making political parties file income tax returns, and lowering the maximum cash donation received by any party from one source to only Rs 2,000 from Rs 20,000.
1632, Noting that the Finance Minister has shown fiscal prudence by keeping the Fiscal deficit target at 3.2 percent, she has rated the budget "overall a 7/10".
1633, The ministers also lauded Finance Minister Arun Jaitley for offering "many" concessions to honest tax payers, while tightening the noose around those evading taxes and fleeing the country.
1634, In the Union Budget for the fiscal 2017-18 announced by Finance Minister Arun Jaitley today, Ayush Ministry has been allocated Rs 1,428.65 crore for the financial year, starting April 1 this year.
1635, Speaking to CNBC-TV18, Union Power Minister Piyush Goyal, said he is in favour of creating a bad bank, which Finance Minister Arun Jaitley earlier said was a possibility.
1636, Arun Jaitley’s Budget on Wednesday was all of those things, coming as it did 31 months into the NDA’s term (it’s a different matter that a second stint is very much on the table if PM Narendra Modi’s personal ratings are the determinant).
1637, In an interview to CNBC-TV18’s Surabhi Upadhyay, Sanjay Tolia, Partner Tax at PwC, Samir Kanabar, Partner at EY, Feroze Azeez, Deputy CEO, Anand Rathi Private Wealth and Nitin Jain, CEO, Global Asset Management at Edelweiss shared their views on what does this Budget mean for your personal wealth, taxes and your life as a common citizen of India.
1638, The Budget has allocated Rs 3.96 trillion to infra sector to spur economic activities and create more jobs and has also accorded infrastructure status to affordable housing projects which will give lot of tax incentives to the players.
1639, Tax experts say that the move to widen tax window to seven years for 'startups' will be an eyewash. The exemption of three years tax holiday can only be claimed by ventures incorporated and registered with government of India as a 'startup' post March 2016.
1640, The capital outlay for the three defence services for the purchase of new equipment, weapons, aircraft, warships and other military vehicles stood at Rs 86,488 crore for 2016-17 as compared to Rs 78,586 crore for this fiscal.
1641, While the industry expected exemption from Minimum Alternate Tax (MAT), it has accepted the provision to allow MAT credit to be carried forward from 10 years to 15 years as a positive step forward.
1642, Although there may be no revolutionary move with respect to tax measures this Budget, Kapadia says it was very smart of the government to decrease the tax rate of the lowest slab rather than increasing the lower limit of the lowest slab from Rs 2.5 lakh to Rs 3 lakh that was widely expected.
1643, More trouble could be in store for Kingfisher Airlines promoter Vijay Mallya as Finance Minister Arun Jaitley looks at legislative changes to bring to book loan defaulters absconding the country.
1644, A bond is a debt security, similar to an IOU. Borrowers issue bonds to raise money from investors willing to lend them money for a certain amount of time. When you buy a bond, you are lending to the issuer, which may be a government, municipality, or corporation.
1645, From April 1, 2018, only those investments in equities will be eligible for long term capital gains, where securities transaction tax (STT) has been paid. In other words, only shares bought through the stock exchange platform will be eligible for long term capital gains tax.
1646, The government is giving a push to spending but from where will the funds come from, wonders R Shankar Raman of L&T. He also said, the government is betting big on wider tax base as one of the funding mechanisms. 
1647, The reduction in capital gains period for real estate is a positive move, says Shanti Ekambaram, President – Consumer Banking, Kotak Mahindra Bank.
1648, Reduction in BCD on LNG is a welcome move, which will make LNG more affordable to end users in industrial category such as ceramics, glass, chemicals besides large consumers such as power and fertilizer sectors, says K Ravichandran, Group Head, Corporate Sector ratings at ICRA.
1649, The big hit appears to be the Government’s commitment to strengthening India’s telecom network with the allocation of Rs 10,000 crore to the ambitious Bharat Net project, says Naveen Aggarwal.
1650, To reduce the compliance burden, the Finance Ministry has further proposed that the deductor shall not be required to obtain tax deduction account number (TAN) as per section 203A of the Act.
1651, "Overall a safe and balanced Budget, which could have been bolder. Good allocations for rural development, affordable housing, agriculture and infrastructure sectors.
1652, "The Union Budget presented today is bereft of any substance for any section of the society," Prasad told reporters reacting on the budget for 2017-18 presented in Parliament by Union Finance Minister Arun Jaitley.
1653, In the receipt estimates, the government has pegged revenue from communications at Rs 44,342.2 crore, which includes "licence fees from Telecom Services Providers" and "one time entry fees from new operators".
1654, Jaitley said infrastructure was the thrust area of the government for efficiency, productivity and quality of life and approach was to spend more on infrastructure development.
1655, With tax rate cut to 25 percent for small and medium enterprises with revenue under Rs 50 crore per year, we are ahead of the roadmap, says the CEA. This new tax rate creates a level playing field for all corporates, he adds.
1656, Embedding health data of senior citizens on Aadhaar card was among the major healthcare initiatives proposed by Finance Minister Arun Jaitley in his Budget speech on Wednesday. Healthcare industry chiefs lauded the proposal saying such digital penetration could be key to affordable and accessible healthcare to Indian masses.
1657, Indian businessmen in the Gulf today largely welcomed the Budget, regarding it as good for the long-term growth of the country's economy saying the impetus given to rural, agricultural, infrastructural sector and reduction in personal income tax, will be a game-changer after demonetisation.
1658, Asserting that the Budget provides a 'big relief' to the MSME sector, Union Minister Kalraj Mishra today said announcements like the lowering of income tax for smaller firms and doubling the lending target under MUDRA Yojana will benefit small entrepreneurs in the country.
1659, The government's revenue foregone in the form of incentives to corporates in the current fiscal is estimated to grow nearly 8.63 percent to over Rs 83,492 crore.
1660, The plight of stainless steel industry has been ignored in the Budget; despite an increase in import of stainless steel products, the basic customs Duty on finished products has been not hiked, industry body ISSDA today said.
1661, Subrata Ray, Group Head, Corporate Sector ratings ICRA is of the view that focus on rural economy and infrastructure are two big positives in Union Budget 2017-18.
1662, The Finance Minister added that there was a “legitimate expectation” post demonetisation that the tax burden on honest individuals be lowered and if the nominal tax rate is lower for the lowest slab, more people would prefer to come into the tax net.
1663, Listing his views on the policy announcement, Gulabchand told CNBC-TV18 that the government government has understood that there is a lack of demand and that it must step in to create demand.
1664, The government also announced setting up of two more All India Institutes of Medical Sciences (AIIMS) in Jharkhand and Gujarat and asserted that it has prepared an action plan to eliminate kala-azar and filariasis by 2017, leprosy by 2018, measles by 2020 and tuberculosis by 2025.
1665, Finance Minister Arun Jaitley, in his Budget speech today, proposed merging of all oil public sector units (PSUs) to create one integrated company. It a welcome move and will create synergies in the sector, said the oil minister Dharmendra Pradhan. 
1666, A small cut in income tax rate and many minor tweaks that make it a fine balancing act.
1667, The government has proposed in the budget to take into consideration the holding period of the units held in the erstwhile schemes for taxation purposes
1668, Prime Minister Narendra Modi has been advocating the idea of 'Sabka saath, sabka vikaas' and it seems Finance Minister Arun Jaitley presented the Union Budget in line with his commander's view. Arjun Ram Meghwal, MoS Finance reiterated the approach of the Financial Bill and said that this Budget will benefit everybody. 
1669, The tax relief given by the Government for the middle class tax payers will definitely boost the purchasing power, thereby aiding the overall growth of the economy, says Rajiv Srivastava, MD, HP India.
1670, Raj Jain, Chairman and Managing Director at RS Software is of the view that India will be the fastest country to adopt digital payments.
1671, It is a skill focused budget aimed at providing a fillip to employment generation and skill development, says Anil Pant, CEO and MD, Aptech.
1672, In an attempt to help banks reduce their tax outgo, the Union Budget offered a 1 percent tax sop on provisions towards non-performing assets (NPAs). However, bankers are not too happy as this may not be a substantial gain for the banks.
1673, The focus and commitment of this government on clean and renewable energy is clearly visible in this budget as well.
1674, State oil firms ran up around 2.5 percent on Finance Minister Arun Jaitley’s Budget proposal to merge them to create an oil behemoth. The move, which is on the lines of forming more autonomous corporations like Shell, British Petroleum and Rosneft, will succeed only if the meddlesome government takes a hands-off approach.
1675, Ashish Puravankara – Managing Director, Puravankara is of the view that Budget 2017 has spelt out roadmaps and allocations across various initiatives of the Central Government and the Finance Minister has done an excellent job of managing the expectations.
1676, Few new initiatives that the government has proposed in this year budget include development of a new metro rail policy and rationalization of railway tariffs on the basis of cost, social obligation and competition.
1677, The existing definition of property for the purpose of this section includes immovable property, jewellery, shares and paintings. 
1678, According to Dipen Shah, Sr. Vice President - PCG Research, Kotak Securities, Budget has been along expected lines on most fronts.
1679, We expect interest rate sensitive sectors like banking & financial services (BFSI), auto & auto ancillaries, cement, construction and consumer goods to outperform in view of the boost that the Budget has provided, says Ajay Bodke, CEO & Chief Portfolio Manager-PMS at Prabhudas Lilladher.
1680, In his Budget speech Finance Minister Arun Jaitley said the holding period for considering gain from immovable property to be long term will be reduced to 2 years from the existing 3 years.
1681, Lots of stocks from auto, FMCG, housing, banks to infra sectors participated in today's relief rally led by Union Budget 2017 but technology stocks (TCS down 2.7 percent and Infosys down 1.4 percent) continued to get butchered due to HI-B visa woes.
1682, While the FM did not make any radical announcements for corporate India, the fine print of the Finance Bill does carry some key proposals some of which aim to achieve tax simplification and ease of doing business.
1683, CNBC-TV18’s Ronojoy Banerjee spoke to Naushad Forbes, President, CII, Vipin Sondhi, MD & CEO, JCB India, Rajiv Memani Chmn - Global EMs Committee EY, Chandrajit Banerjee Director General, CII who gave their views on Union Budget 2017-18. Here’s what they had to say.
1684, Going ahead all profit making CPSEs are expected to go to the market and that there is a lot of appetite for new exchange traded funds (ETFs), says Neeraj Kumar Gupta, Secretary, DIPAM.
1685, The Ministry of Corporate Affairs (MCA) will get more funds in the next financial year, as the yearly allocation has been increased to Rs 448.04 crore in the Union Budget.
1686, The US Federal Reserve's intention to increase policy rates in 2017 may lead to lower capital inflows and higher outflows from the emerging economies, Finance Minister Arun Jaitley said.
1687, The data which is not matching with the returns profile of an individual will be penalised, he says.
1688, The pharmaceutical industry was expecting some fiscal incentives to make it stay competitive at a time when it’s facing pricing pressures both within India and abroad.
1689, In an interview to CNBC-TV18’s Shereen Bhan, Amit Mitra gave his take on Arun Jaitely’s Union Budget and his outlook on the road ahead.
1690, The government has so far followed a policy that kept oil and gas exploration companies as separate entities from their refining and marketing counterparts.
1691, The proposal to hike expenditure under IPDS and DDUGJY schemes together by 25 per cent to Rs 10,635 crore as provided in the budget is likely to pave the way for sustainable energy for all.
1692, The steel industry today welcomed the Budget proposals and hoped that focus on areas such as ports, roads, affordable housing, physical infrastructure should provide the steel sector necessary impetus to meet its growth targets.
1693, This Budget has also given authority to more income tax officials to exercise their power in case of any inquiry or probe, "without seeking prior approval of higher authorities".
1694, Finance Minister Arun Jaitley's Budget 2017 speech was fairly well-focused on providing an impetus to the rural India. Proposals for farm and dairy sector will only add to increasing income potential of rural India, said NABARD Chairman Dr Harsh Kumar Bhanwala.
1695, Pawan Goenka did show his dissapointment on one aspect, and that was the concept of Make in India. He says that although the topic of Make In India was very hot in India two years ago, the government's enthusiasm towards this initiative seems to have died down.
1696, The government has also proposed a penalty in case if there is a cash transaction beyond Rs 3 lakh.
1697, The exemption covers category I & II investors registered with the Securities and Exchange Board of India.
1698, India already has strategic crude oil reserves with storage capacity of 5.33 MMT at three locations--Visakhapatnam, Mangalore and Padur.
1699, The budget also mentioned about setting up of two new All India Institutes of Medical Sciences in Jharkhand and Gujarat.
1700, Touching a possible hot potato in his Budget, Finance Minister Arun Jaitley said the Airport Authority Act will be amended to monetise its land. The resources, so raised, will be used for airport upgradation. 
1701, Income-tax Department has been treating the income on transfer of carbon credits as business income which is subject to tax at the rate of 30 percent.
1702, The Budget 2017-18 announced a push to cashless transactions and reduction in tax rate for SMEs with an annual turnover of less than Rs 50 crore. Here is what India's startup CEOs feel about Budget 2017-18.
1703, Budget 2017 has achieved balance between focus on investment & fiscal prudence, said Chanda Kochhar, MD and CEO of ICICI Bank.
1704, "At a time of global uncertainty, Budgets can be challenging to implement but the Finance Minister has done an admirable job in creating a vision that will propel the domestic economy while remaining cognisant about foreign investors," the US-India Business Council (USIBC) president Mukesh Aghi said.
1705, Commenting on the budget presented by Finance Minister Arun Jaitley in Parliament today, Lord Paul, Chairman of the Caparo Group of Industries, said "Congratulations to Jaitley.
1706, Terming the budget as "overall, a well-balanced, pro-poor, pro-growth budget" Amber Dubey, Partner and Head (Aerospace and Defence) of KPMG in India said the announcement of select AAI airports in Tier 2 cities to be taken up for operation and maintenance in PPP mode is a development step.
1707, Railways will implement end-to-end integrated transport solutions for selected commodities through partnership with logistics, who will provide both front and back-end connectivity. Rolling stock and practices are to be customized for perishable goods especially agricultural goods, as per the budget proposals.
1708, According to a report by HDFC Bank, Budget 2017 went the way of previous ‘Jaitley Budgets’, high on detail but with a somewhat smudgy big picture.
1709, The Chief Minister thanked Prime Minister Narendra Modi and Jaitley for granting exemption from capital gains tax to farmers, who contributed their land for building AP's new capital Amaravati.
1710, The Budget "provides renewed impetus to manufacturing and Make in India, export infrastructure and government e-marketplace," she said in a statement.
1711, Besides, Jaitley has proposed to reduce the income tax for smaller companies with annual turnover up to Rs 50 crore to 25 per cent, in order to make micro, small and medium enterprises (MSMEs) more viable and also to encourage firms to migrate to company format.
1712, MSIPS provides subsidy for capital expenditure - 20 percent for investments in special economic zones (SEZs) and 25 percent in non-SEZs.
1713, A round-up of front pages from across the country.
1714, The Finance Ministry has increased allocation for its ambitious Namami Gange programme from Rs 2150 crore for the on-going fiscal to Rs 2250 crore for next financial year, according to the Water Resources Ministry.
1715, Of the total budget, Archaeological Survey of India would get Rs 924.37 crore while Rs 243.01 crore have been earmarked for centenaries and anniversaries of famous personalities, celebrations and schemes, according to the Budget presented by Finance Minister Arun Jaitley in Parliament .
1716, Gagan Banga, Vice Chairman and Managing Director, Indiabulls Housing Finance is of the view that the Government is on a fast track mode - building a sustainable ecosystem for both developers and home buyers.
1717, Speaking to CNBC-TV18, Ridham Desai, Head of India Equity Research and India Equity Strategist at Morgan Stanley, said that Finance Minister Arun Jaitley had resisted the temptation to plant bombs in the fine print of the Budget.
1718, In his 2017-18 Budget speech, the Finance Minister said the government plans to launch Skill Acquisition and Knowledge Awareness for Livelihood Promotion programme (SANKALP) at a cost of Rs 4,000 crore along with next phase of Skill Strengthening for Industrial Value Enhancement (STRIVE) costing Rs 2,200 crore.
1719, In an interview with CNBC-TV18, Geoffrey Dennis said that the Nifty was fairly valued at about 16.5 times next year earnings but added that if the demonetisation-induced slowdown eases and India goes back to 8 percent growth next year, the market looks "interesting" to foreign investors.
1720, Indian markets celebrated Finance Minister Arun Jaitley’s Budget with both Sensex and Nifty closing with a gain of around 1.8 percent as they celebrated no introduction of long term capital gain (LTCG) on equity stocks and keeping the service tax unchanged. Below is an analysis of how the Budget impact various sectors.
1721, Anil Sardana, MD & CEO, Tata Power is of the view that the efforts that the government has undertaken to bring a positive structure into the economy by moving towards a policy based administration with an increased focus on digitisation.
1722, However the Budget may not be too bad for digital startups. If you are running any online startup, lets see how it impacts you.
1723, According to Anant Maheshwari, President, Microsoft India, Finance Minister has presented a balanced Budget, underlined by the continued push to using technology to aid a digital economy.
1724, In line with the PM’s vision to dismantle bureaucracy, the FM’s announcement to abolish the FIPB and further liberalize the FDI policy deserves a round of cheer! The government’s continuous focus to bolster the digital economy is definitely applause-worthy. 
1725, The FM's statement that GST implementation is tectonic and epoch, with limited indirect tax changes and no change in service tax rate underlines their resolve to implement GST in 2017.

1726, Merging all the oil companies into one entity looks difficult even though it has financial benefits, says HPCL’s Chairman and Managing Director, MK Surana, commenting on the Finance Minister Arun Jaitley’s Budget proposal to merge state oil firms to create an oil behemoth
1727, The Union Budget has undertaken a fine balance between fiscal prudence and spending by slightly increasing the fiscal deficit target to 3.2 percent of GDP for FY18.
1728, A reduced withholding tax rate on fees for professional or technical services received by call centre businesses to 2% as against earlier rate of 10% would mean cash flow relief for companies in the call centre business in India.
1729, Since Government’s emphasis on defence preparedness has been the Central theme, we would have been happy if some incentives by way of tax exemption or deferment on loan payments would have been announced for domestic industry.
1730, The Union Budget FY17-18 presents a credible fiscal math, with predominant focus on continued fiscal consolidation and preserving macro-economic stability. 
1731, On his Budget takeaways, Abhay Laijawala, Head of India Research at Deutsche Equities says the stand out has been the Finance Minister’s ability to balance all compulsions and sticking to path of fiscal consolidation for the third consecutive time. International investors as well as global rating agencies will view this credibly, he says.
1732, Good, even if not inspiring Mr Jaitley has yet  again delivered an elaborate and meticulous Budget, mostly within stated policies. It laboured more than it inspired. India still awaits a transformative and inspiring follow-through after demonetisation.
1733, Finance Minister has presented half budget for FY17-18 which will be followed by major changes in Indirect Tax law with GST getting implemented from 1st July 2017. Hence, FM has tweaked indirect tax marginally. 
1734, The government pegs FY18 fiscal deficit target at 3.2% of GDP, lower than 3.5% for FY17, but slightly higher than the self-committed target of 3% of GDP. Since primary deficit and debt-to-GDP ratio are likely to narrow next year, we do not find a breach in the deficit target concerning.
1735, Finance Minister Mr. Arun Jaitley in his budget 2017 speech addressed the governments mission to bring a transformative shift to the governance landscape of our country. The government has moved from a discretionary administration to a policy and system based administration; from favoritism to transparency and objectivity in decision making.
1736, Finance Minister Arun Jaitley made a landmark announcement of granting infrastructure status to affordable housing. This is a welcome move for both the consumer and the real estate industry. Housing and infrastructure, we believe are two important pillars to increase GDP and accelerate economic growth
1737, India’s Economic performance in 2016-17, in the backdrop of significant developments and disturbances in the global and domestic economic environment has moderated as highlighted in the Economic Survey.
1738, Union Budget 2017-18 is realistic, high on substance and has positively surprised the markets by defying expectations of populism amid demonetisation and impending state elections. 
1739, Budget took a small pause on fiscal consolidation by targeting fiscal deficit @ 3.2% for FY18, 20bps higher than planned in the government’s medium term fiscal consolidation program. The lower reduction in fiscal deficit is to stimulate demand in a weak economic environment post demonetisation – a step in right direction.
1740, The finance minister in his budget speech said that agents will be exempt from TDS subject to their filing a self-declaration 
1741, With large allocations for agriculture, rural road infrastructure, skill development and electrification schemes, this Budget has the potential to change the face of ‘Bharat’ – the India beyond our cities, say Pawan Munjal, Chairman, CEO & Managing Director, Hero Motocorp.
1742, “Sab ka Saath Sab Ka Vikas” was the undercurrent of Budget 2017 -18 that reflected government’s firm commitment to substantially boost investment in Agriculture, Social Sector, Infrastructure and Employment Generation at one hand and simultaneously sticking to the fiscal consolidation path on the other hand.
1743, Despite the demons of demonetisation resulting in reduced consumption and consequently slowdown in the economy, the fiscal deficit was maintained below the targeted level for FY17 at 3.2% and has targeted to maintain at 3.2% for FY18 and at 3.0% in FY19. 
1744, Union Budget presented today may not have pleased many but in our view it was strong on fiscal prudence, rural development, affordable housing thereby providing the much needed impetus for capital expenditure.
1745, The Budget presented today focusses on ramping up spending on infrastructure, provides the necessary impetus to Housing for All program and continues the structural reforms initiated couple of years ago.
1746, To create a strong foundation for the nations sustainable growth through job creation, empowering the weaker sections of society, encouraging a healthy investment climate and providing necessary framework to enable foreign invest, ease of business and tax
compliance.
1747, It is also changing the law to keep the identity of the donor confidential who buys the just-introduced electoral bonds from banks to make such donations.
1748, While the Budget 2017 did not bring any big bang announcements for VCs and angels, investors feel that a push to digital transactions will help financial tech startups in the long term. Some feel that simplification of compliance, getting funds from overseas investment firms and some benefits to angel investors would have helped.
1749, There are nine undertakings under the ministry of steel and together they plan to spend Rs. 12637.71 crores in 2017-18, higher by nearly 9 percent from the Rs. 11604.94 crores they see themselves spending in the year that ends next month.
1750, According to the global financial services major, fiscal consolidation in 2017-18 is mainly driven by a reduction in expenditure, particularly current spending.
1751, Finance Minister Arun Jaitley presented the Budget for next fiscal in Parliament yesterday in which he planned to cut fiscal deficit to 3.2 percent and 3 percent of GDP for next financial year and 2018-19 respectively. The deficit in the current fiscal is estimated to be 3.5 percent of GDP.
1752, A big infrastructure push along with a substantial hike in provisions for the National Highways in the Union Budget for 2017-18 is a major takeaway and I congratulate the Finance Minister for the growth oriented approach.
1753, From a macro point of view, the Budget presented by the Finance Minister is a growth-oriented one with special focus on rural, agriculture and infra sectors.

1754, Along with experts interpreting the budget, Girija Pande, chairman of the Singapore-based Apex Avalon Consulting Pte Ltd, also applauded the decision to abolish Foreign Investment Promotion Board (FIPB), saying it had "long outlived its utility and was a hurdle to large foreign investments into India".
1755, The Budget has a positive tone and is in the right direction. The focus on the infrastructure and manufacturing sector will benefit lubricant manufacturers, since we expect this to boost consumer demand in the B2B and B2C market segments.
1756, Industry players said that much more needs to be done to revive skill development.
1757, With GST around the corner, this budget has not made significant changes in the existing indirect tax legislations.  
1758, The infrastructure status to the affordable housing would "change the scenario completely" along with the Government's plan to pump in Rs 20,000 crore to build one crore houses.
1759, The industry, which was endorsed by Finance Minister Arun Jaitley as a sector of economic importance, has welcomed the proposed decisions, saying that the steps will make travel more "accessible and reduce friction between the user and service provider".
1760, Brushing aside criticism that
Union Budget 2017-18 has done nothing to create jobs, Niti
Aayog member Bibek Debroy today said it aims to promote growth
and encourage entrepreneurship which will lead to more
employment opportunities.
1761, Social media platform Twitter today said it had recorded 7.2 lakh tweets with the hashtag #Budget2017 between January 30 and February 2.
1762, Troubled German banking giant Deutsche Bank today asked for patience after reporting its second annual net loss in a row, saying it was laying the foundations for durable success in the future.
1763, Tax benefit on loan repayment of second house will be restricted to Rs 2 lakh per annum, Finance Bill 2017 has proposed, a move that may hit hard those making big savings so far as there have been no limits on set off from such property.
1764, The country needs to push for exports aggressively. India needs its textiles, exports, compact cars penetrate European market and it is better to compromise on sectors like wine and dairy, Amitabh Kant, CREO of Niti Aayog said.
1765, The allocation for food subsidy
has been increased to Rs 1.45 lakh crore next fiscal from Rs
1.3 lakh crore this year to provide for the new food law,
which has been rolled out in the entire country, Food minister
Ram Vilas Paswan said today.
1766, Hailing the Budget as progressive,
unicorns and startups said the proposals have a clear focus on
'Digital India' and skilling.
1767, Affordable housing being given Infrastructure status is a welcome move and will help in the Housing to all by 2022 mission – it is a big and positive move for developers, banks and housing finance companies.

1768, He, however, complimented Finance Minister Arun Jaitley for being moderate and not doing anything "reckless and disruptive" after demonetisation and welcomed some of the positives like putting a limit on cash transactions, cleansing political funding and some other proposals in the Busget.
1769, Addressing the International Engineering and Technology Fair (IETF), Geete said the Budget contains a number of proposals to give a critical push to the manufacturing sector and Indian industry must take advantage of these for higher investments.
1770, Jaitley has performed a "balancing act" by refraining from stretching fiscal coffers to give a steroidal push to the economy, it said, commending the "prudence over populism" in restricting the fiscal gap to 3.2 percent.
1771, After countless huffs and puffs over many years, Hemisphere Properties India Ltd, the government-owned special purpose vehicle that was formed to take over the surplus land of the erstwhile Videsh Sanchar Nigam Ltd (renamed Tata Communications Ltd in 2007), may finally be ready to take off the block.
1772, Finance Minister Arun Jaitley present, perhaps the most eagerly watched budget in recent past. Here are the key takeaways on the implication from his budget speech
1773, In Union Budget 2017, the government carried on with its Transform-India mission started in 2016, by a continued focus on rural, social welfare, infra, ease-of-doing business, fiscal prudence and tax reforms. 
1774, Government projects fiscal deficit target of 3.2%, in line with market consensus. FY18 Revenue deficit pegged at 1.9%, below FRBM mandated level of 2.0%. Focus of the Budget on Investment and Consumption revival
1775, Reviving fortunes in the hinterland by bolstering the agricultural economy and rural infrastructure seems to be the primary motivation of the Union Budget announcements this time, as evinced in higher allocations for MNREGA and the Pradhan Mantri Awas Yojana, among others.
1776, GDP for Budget Estimate (BE) 2017-2018 has been projected at Rs 1,68,47,455 cr assuming 11.75% growth over the Revised Estimates (RE) of 2016-2017 (Rs 1,50,75,429 crore). Fiscal deficit for 2017-18 is targeted at 3.2% of GDP and the government remains committed to achieve 3% in the following year
1777, In its BE for FY2017, the GoI had pegged its fiscal deficit at Rs. 5.3 lakh crore (3.5% of GDP; based on the assumption that nominal GDP for FY2017 would be Rs. 150.7 lakh crore). 
1778, Finance Minister Arun Jaitley’s fourth annual budget comes in the wake of state elections, the effect of demonetization on economic growth, flagging investments, and Trump’s H1B visa decision.
1779, The budget has rightly focused on maintaining the fiscal disciple while maintaining the direction of the economy by allocating higher investments on
infrastructure, rural and agriculture sector, to support equitable growth.
1780, The Union Budget 2017-18 laid out by the Finance minister explicitly focuses on three point agenda- Transform-Energise- Clean. The FM stuck to the path of fiscal consolidation along with focusing on infrastructure, rural economy, affordable housing, curbing of black money and digitisation. 
1781, The rating agency also expressed concern over the budgeting of lesser capital -- Rs 10,000 crore -- for infusion into public sector banks in 2017-18, which it said is a "credit negative".
1782, A more diversified CPSE ETF should provide plenty of wealth creation and value unlocking opportunities for retail investors, experts say.
1783, While hailing the increased allocation for infrastructure and road sector in the Union Budget, the tyre industry expressed concerns over exclusion of rubber and tyres in the list of items on which duty inversion has been addressed.
1784, The Budget is positive for the medium-term inflation outlook which may lead to a 25 bps rate cut at the monetary policy meet next week, but RBI is expected to keep it on hold for the whole of 2017, says a report.
1785, In last week's federal Budget, Finance Minister Arun Jaitley set a 725 billion rupees (USD 10.76 billion) target for divestment in the 12 months from April 1, up from a revised 455 billion rupees goal in the current fiscal year.
1786, The budget proposes to reduce the basis of the period for which the asset is held on the date of sale to 24 month in case of long term capital gains and bring it on par with unlisted shares.  
1787, The FIIs eagerly await the monetary policy on February 8, where they expect a rate push to facilitate the economic growth the Budget envisions, Shilpa Kumar, MD and CEO, ICICI Securities.
1788, Experts feel NPS continues to be a good retiral product for the salaried segment since it is market-linked and professionally managed.
1789, The steel ministry has appointed the transaction advisor for strategic sale of FSNL, along with three units of Steel Authority of India Ltd (SAIL) and NMDC Ltd’s Nagarnar steel plant
1790, Experts feel the Budget spend on education is woefully inadequate for a country which is aspiring to create a pool of skilled workforce to fuel economic growth.
1791, "While the Ministry of New and Renewable Energy (MNRE) has been coming out with new subsidies to spur rooftop installations, the Budget basically thwarts the momentum in rooftop by reducing accelerated depreciation and tax benefits," Mercom said in a note.
1792, The RBI’s monetary policy review on Wednesday will offer cues on the extent of demonetisation’s impact on the broader economy; India may well be staring at a GDP growth of less the 6.5 percent in 2016-17, the lowest since 2012-13.
1793, Granting industry status to affordable housing will help developers in accessing funds.
1794, Finance Minister has opted to offer a small concession on income tax front. However, he has also capped the benefit on income from house property.
1795, To advance the ease of doing business in India, it was announced that there will be further liberalisation to the Foreign Direct Investment policy and abolishment of the FIPB.
1796, Changes ensure that income tax reporting happens earlier than what it used to be.
1797, Last month, the CBDT had issued a circular clarifying that overseas transfer tax would clearly be applicable to FPIs.
1798, On February 21, 2017 GS Mace Holdings Limited sold 1,50,00,000 shares of Max Financial Services at Rs 561.13.
1799, Presently, businesses have to file returns in GSTR-1, GSTR-2 and GSTR-3 forms for every month. These forms detail outward supplies of taxable goods and/or services, inward supplies for claiming input tax credit and monthly return.
1800, His visit comes a day before Congress vice-president Rahul Gandhi&#39;s likely tour of Surat as the Congress marks the first demonetisation anniversary on November 8 as &#39;black day&#39;.
1801, A timeline of how events unfolded as the Narendra Modi government undertook a massive currency culling exercise.
1802, Speaking to businessmen in Gujarat, Singh said that demonetisation and the shoddy implementation of the GST had pushed millions of Indians into terrible hardship.
1803, To make the process simpler, small firms may be allowed to file of only one summary return form GSTR3B, doing away with filing of GSTR1, GSTR2 and GSTR3
1804, The VIP Industries stock has had a dream run this year with an over 150 percent gain so far this year and they have posted a good set of earnings in Q2 as well. In an interview to CNBC-TV18, Dilip G Piramal, Chairman, VIP Industries spoke about the results and his outlook for the company.
1805, Industry sources said the deliberations today were on issues like doing away with Section 9(4) of CGST Act which deals with reverse charge mechanism. The section deals with payment of tax by registered dealers in cases where he procures goods from unregistered businesses.
1806, The 23rd meeting of the goods and services tax (GST) council will be held in Guwahati, starting today. Finance ministers of 24 states have confirmed their participation. Tax rates on 100 items are likely to be cut from 28 percent, with the GST council set to approve sweeping changes including simpler procedures and a single return filing form for small firms.
1807, On Gandhi&#39;s another demand for bringing fuel under the ambit of the GST, a move which he claimed will make petrol and diesel cheaper, Goyal said if the Congress supports such a course at the GST Council, the government is willing to "move forward" in that direction.
1808, Gandhi interacted with industry representatives and workers at Nirman Industries&#39; loom factory in Katargam industrial development area after he arrived in the Surat city of the poll-bound Gujarat.
1809, The Goods & Services Tax (GST) Council meeting is set to cut to rates on nearly 150-200 items in its two-day meet, which starts today in Guwahati.
1810, Traders raised this demand as the 23rd meeting of the GST Council started in Guwahati today.
1811, Four months after the Goods and Services Tax (GST) was rolled out, the panel headed by Union Finance Minister Arun Jaitley will look at the most comprehensive overhaul of rates, easing returns filing and providing more relief to small and medium enterprises, official sources said.
1812, Four months after the Goods and Services Tax (GST) was rolled out, the panel headed by Union Finance Minister Arun Jaitley will look at the most comprehensive overhaul of rates, easing returns filing and providing more relief to small and medium enterprises.
1813, Punjab, Karnataka and Puducherry, where the Congress is in power, jointly voiced their reservations over glitches with the GST tax-filing network, demanding that real estate and petroleum products be brought under the new regime and the tax rate be kept at no more than 18 per cent.
1814, The high-powered committee headed by Union Finance Minister Arun Jaitley is meeting in the Assam city to discuss GST rates.
1815, The minister of state for coal and mines said that adequate time should be given to the central government to work and people should evaluate its performance after that.
1816, "The facility to revise Form GST TRAN-1 declaration has been introduced on the GST Portal for taxpayers who had already filed it prior to November 9, 2017," GSTN said in a statement.
1817, All eyes are on the GST Council meet that is underway in Guwahati today. CNBC-TV18&#39;s Shereen Bhan learns from sources that the rate fitment committee proposes only 62 items to continue in 28 percent bracket.
1818, Extending the verbal duel, he took a jibe at Arun Jaitley saying, "those who says I am seeking job at 80 must know I never presented budget sitting in the parliament."
1819, There are over 10,000 chartered accountancy firms which use ClearTax software to file GST for their customers.
1820, NULL
1821, In in an interview to CNBC-TV18&#39;s Shereen Bhan spoke a host of tax experts and political figures to gauge the sentiment on the GST.
1822, The GST Council on Friday overhauled the indirect tax regime reducing the 28 percent tax levied on 178 items to 18 percent or lesser.
1823, "This is a disappointment for the entire industry as cement is integral to the government&#39;s key schemes such as housing for all, Swachh Bharat-related constructions and building of other key infrastructure projects," he said in a statement.
1824, In the next meeting the GST Council will discuss ways to give relief to the handloom and handicraft sector
1825, As many as 178 items of daily use were shifted from the top tax bracket of 28 percent to 18 percent while a uniform 5 percent tax was prescribed for all restaurants, both air-conditioned and non-AC
1826, As many as 178 items of daily use were shifted from the top tax bracket of 28 per cent to 18 per cent while a uniform 5 per cent tax was prescribed for all restaurants, both air- conditioned and non-AC.
1827, A look at top cues from domestic and international cues that could have a bearing on D-Street.
1828, The government plans to streamline the current rates and have only two to three rates instead of multiple rates.
1829, In the biggest Goods and Services Tax rejig yet, tax rates on over 200 items were cut on November 10 to provide relief to consumers and businesses. As many as 178 items of daily use were shifted from the top tax bracket of 28 per cent to 18 per cent, while a uniform 5 per cent tax was prescribed for all restaurants.
1830, The 23rd GST Council Meeting on Friday revised the rates of the earlier 28-percent levied 178 items to 5-15 percent.
1831, The Central Board of Excise and Customs (CBEC) has shared the zone-wise data of businesses under the Goods and Services Tax (GST) with regional commissioners to handhold them in case they are facing difficulty while filing returns under the new indirect tax regime.
1832, The opposition is baying for the government’s blood over demonetisation and GST. The first is done and over with. But its effects are not yet over. The second has been modified to assuage large sections of the population.
1833, Inaugurating the 37th India International Trade Fair (IITF) at Pragati Maidan here, he said the country is recognised as a bright spot of the global economy and the world has acknowledged the change in its business environment.
1834, SH Kelkar and Company reported a subdued set of Q2 numbers. In an interview with CNBC-TV18, Kedar Vaze, CEO of the company discussed the numbers in detail.
1835, The Associated Chambers of Commerce and Industry of India (Assocham) said the Centre is certainly in favour of realty under the Goods and Services Tax (GST) but the states have to be brought on board because there are revenue implications.
1836, In its study, titled: “Ideate, Innovate, Implement:  the apex industry body said: “While there has been a temporary slowdown after GST implementation (in July 2017), a consensus view is that India is poised for a sustainable growth in the near future.”
1837, Retail or CPI inflation rose to 7-month high of 3.58  percent in October, driven up by costlier food items, particularly vegetables.
1838, The move will be a relief for consumers who might have felt the pinch on their day-to-day shopping.
1839, “Rozgaar (employment) aur naukri (jobs) do bohot alag cheezein hain,” Shah said during Network18&#39;s &#39;Agenda Gujarat&#39; event. Elaborating on this point, the BJP party president said that thinking that all Indians would someday get jobs was not a practical thought.
1840, "There were many &#39;shahensha&#39; (king) who brought their own currency. Some even kept previous currency in circulation while introducing the new one. But, there was a shahenshah 700 years back - Muhammad Bin Tughlaq - who introduced his own (currency) while discontinuing the old currency," he said at a function here.
1841, Hundreds of bullion traders, property dealers, civil contractors, shell companies, petrol pump owners and cooperative societies moved thousands of crores into multiple bank accounts during November 8, 2016 to December 30, 2016 to obscure the trail of slush funds
1842, Here are a 15 instances, collated from the I-T department’s report, of how people deposited large previously undisclosed cash amounts to dodge taxmen.
1843, Taxes on over 200 items have been slashed by the GST Council. Will these benefits be passed on to consumers soon? LocalCircles conducted an online poll across 100 cities in India to gauge the mood among companies and the industry. CNBC-TV18&#39;s Shereen Bhan caught up with Yatish Rajawat, Chief Strategy Officer at LocalCircles to talk about this.
1844, If bindi, sindoor and kajal are kept out of the ambit of the GST, why cannot the sanitary napkins, which is an essential item be exempted, the Delhi High Court on Wednesday asked the Centre.
1845, India&#39;s top consumer goods companies expect the lowering of taxes by the goods and services tax (GST) Council to drive volumes going ahead. They are bullish on growth and recovery in the second half of FY18.
1846, All the consuming states are showing revenue shortfall of around 25 percent. Once that gets compensated as the system stabilises, we expect a much better revenue performance in the months to come, Haseeb Drabu, Finance Minister, J&K told CNBC-TV18.
1847, While the Centre said that the price of sanitary napkins would increase if they are exempted from GST, the court gave the Centre one month&#39;s time to respond.
1848, Now exporters of services who paid IGST and those making zero rated supplies to SEZ units as well as those merchant exporters who want to claim refunds for input credit can approach their jurisdictional commissioner with their refund form.
1849, While demonetisation dampened petrol demand growth to 3 per cent in the January-March quarter, slowest in the past decade, the growth will recover in the first quarter of 2018 to around 9 per cent, said the research and consultancy firm.
1850, According to Flexing It, a platform for independent consultants and flexible management talent in India and South East Asia, &#39;mature leaders&#39; with 16-20 years of professional experience command highest payouts, with 50 per cent charging over Rs 23,000 per day and 25 per cent charging as high as Rs 74,000.
1851, Jaitley made this comment before a gathering of investors while highlighting various achievements like ease of doing business ranking by the World Bank.
1852, The Central Board of Excise and Customs (CBEC) last month said that businesses with turnover up to Rs 1.5 crore are exempt from deducting Goods and Services Tax (GST) on advance payment for supply of goods.
1853, The National Anti-profiteering Authority will make sure that the benefits of the recent GST tax rate revisions are passed on to consumers
1854, Producers should get a tax refund for the expenses incurred during exploration and production of natural gas till the time the fuel comes under the GST net, Baru said in his letter.
1855, There has been a huge debate on whether or not restaurants have been passing on GST rate cut benefits to consumers or not. To discuss this, CNBC-TV18 caught up with Rohan Shah, Tax Expert, Pratik Jain, Partner at PwC India, Adarsh Shetty, President of Indian Hotel and Restaurant Association and Rahul Singh, Vice President and Gurgaon Chapter Head of National Restaurant Association OF India.
1856, The Indian economy grew at its slowest pace in three years between April and June at 5.7 percent. A Reuters poll conducted in October showed economists predict South Asia&#39;s largest economy will grow by 6.7 percent in the fiscal year ending March 2018.
1857, Moody&#39;s has also raised India&#39;s long-term foreign-currency bond ceiling to Baa1 from Baa2, and the long-term foreign-currency bank deposit ceiling to Baa2 from Baa3.
1858, McDonald&#39;s blamed withdrawal of input tax credit which has resulted in increased operating costs
1859, The following article is an initiative of Dhruva Advisors and CNBC-TV18 and is intended to create awareness among the readers.
1860, To compensate for the jump in operating costs post the announcement, Starbucks, McDonald&#39;s and Domino&#39;s are among the fast-food majors who have decided to increase their base rates.
1861, The former Union minister, who was speaking at an event here last evening, also criticised the BJP-led government over the way GST was rolled out, although, he said, the concept of one nation one tax was "a great idea."
1862, The 4th meeting of the group of ministers (GoM) looking into its related issues of the goods and services tax (GST) is currently underway in Bengaluru. The GoM could also be giving additional tasks to Infosys to be looked into in the GST network.
1863, The initial sales return in the Goods and Services Tax (GST) regime is filed by businesses in form GSTR-3B.
1864, The government had collected Rs 93,141 crore revenue under the GST in September.
1865, The Moody&#39;s upgrade, the first since January 2004, lifted India up a notch to the second-lowest level of investment grade. Standard & Poor&#39;s and Fitch have had the country, the third-largest economy in Asia, at the lowest investment grade level for about a decade.
1866, DHL chief executive officer (CEO) Ken Allen said that he sees a strong growth in cargo movements between India and China as the two countries continue to expand bilateral trade.
1867, GSTN Chairman Ajay Bhushan Pandey-headed panel comprises VAT commissioners of Karnataka, Gujarat, Telangana, and senior officials from the Department of Revenue and the CBEC.
1868, The opposition party alleged the Modi government is working under its model of "bypass, bulldoze and betray", which is an "attack on democracy".
1869, Lalit Malik, CFO, Dabur said they have reduced 9 percent prices of those products where the GST rates were reduced from 28 to 18 percent and it was done last week.
1870, The Goods and Services Tax (GST) Council had announced forming the committee on November 10 to suggest ways for simplification of the returns filing process.
1871, Around 56 percent of the registered taxpayers filed their GSTR-3B returns for October within due date.
1872, GST Council to discuss law advisory group’s recommendations in Jan; a decision on whether to continue with reverse charge mechanism (RCM), tax deducted at source (TDS) and tax collected at source (TCS) also expected
1873, Realtors&#39; body Naredco has urged the government to halve the GST rate for the sector to 6 percent to boost demand for under-construction housing projects.
1874, "The GST is the best indirect tax regime globally and there is no doubt about it and that is why it is adopted in most of the countries. But the way GST was implemented in India is a textbook example of how the tax reform should not be implemented anywhere," he said.
1875, The order came from the Department of Consumer Affairs&#39; Metrology Division, which looks at matters pertaining to measurement and labelling.
1876, During the demonetisation period, top experts claimed demonetisation would plunge the realty sector into darkness, impacting property investments adversely.
1877, CNBC-TV18 learn from sources that goods and services tax (GST) compliance continues to be a concern. Four months post GST roll out, only 56 percent of taxpayers have filed returns.
1878, The GST norms allow smooth transfer of goods after getting rid of the checkpoints — now passing on the responsibility to the traders to comply with the new norms of providing the authenticated documents.
1879, As preparations for the Union Budget 2018-19 is underway, the Association of National Exchanges Members of India (Anmi) has flagged concerns about the Goods and Services Tax (GST) regime creating "some difficulty" in the financial market.
1880, In an interview to CNBC-TV18, Shekhar Bajaj, CMD of Bajaj Electricals spoke about the buzz that goods and services tax (GST) on consumer durables likely to come down.
1881, The Corporation has the leeway to raise funds worth Rs 76,700 crore via municipal bonds anchored by a robust balance sheet, says analysis by Janaagraha
1882, A wholly-owned division of Polaris Industries, it is present in 1,200 cc and above super bike segment in India and sells nine models, including the newly launched Scout Bobber with price starting at Rs 12.99 lakh (ex-showroom).
1883, Prices of the accessories have been reduced up to Rs 500
1884, The finance ministry on Monday attributed the dip in revenue collection to various factors including decline in "overall incidence of taxes on most commodities".
1885, "Coal has been included and levied with 5 per cent tax but gas is outside GST, how fair is that," he said at the KMPG Energy Summit here.
1886, This is excluding the excise duty collections on petroleum products and the basic customs duty both of which have been on an uptick due to the spike in crude prices says the report.
1887, Sharma, a 1985 batch IAS officer of Rajasthan cadre, is at present additional secretary in the department of revenue.
1888, The Bank, however, expects that Indian economy will recover in fiscal 2019 and achieve a growth rate of 7.2 percent.
1889, "The average duty drawback that we were getting per-GST was 11.5 percent and the Remission of State Levies (ROSL) was an average of 3.5 percent. Post GST, the average drawback has come down from 11.5 percent to 2.25 percent.
1890, Resuming his campaign for the assembly polls in his home state, Modi also accused the Congress of taking credit and political mileage over minor schemes, like providing hand-pumps, while saying that the BJP rule brought major projects like the Narmada project for the benefit of the people.
1891, In a statement, the finance ministry said: "It is clarified that the quantum of IGST refund claims as filed through Shipping Bills during the period July to October, is approximately Rs 6,500 crore and the quantum of refund of unutilised credit on inputs or input services, as per the RFD-01A applications filed on GSTN portal, is to the tune of Rs 30 crore."
1892, In a stinging rebuttal to Gandhi&#39;s repeated criticism of the Goods and Services Tax, a key economic reform of the NDA government, Modi said a recently emerged "economist" was propagating a "grand stupid thought" by suggesting that GST rate be capped at 18 per cent.
1893, At a meeting here, all major retailers, "including Flipkart India Ltd, readymade, optical and jewellery dealers and supermarkets among others, in twin cities were impressed upon the need to pass on the benefit to the consumers where ever there is tax reduction under GST Act," the Commissioner of State Tax said in a release here.
1894, "So, it certainly began before. It&#39;s quite possible that these two steps (demonetisation and GST) reinforced the deceleration...I think we will soon come out from these two policy experiments and get back to the growth path," he said.
1895, The Central Statistics Office (CSO) will release gross domestic product (GDP) growth estimates for the second quarter (July-September) of 2017-18 at 5.30 pm today.
1896, "India has standardised itself ordinarily for a growth rate between 7 to 8 per cent. If it slows down, it is more towards 7 and if it paces up it is more towards 8 per cent growth. It&#39;s already close to USD 2.5 trillion economy in terms of GDP," he said while delivering a lecture here.
1897, Currently, electricity at the consumer end or at discom end does not attract any GST and therefore the last leg of consumption of GST is with the generator. The paper was released by Power Minister R K Singh at an &#39;Assocham Round Table Discussion on Hydro Power in India&#39;, here last evening.
1898, Data showed that the GST-induced supply shock may have eased considerably, helping a rebound in the broader economy.
1899, The saffron party is set to project the growth figure in the Gujarat poll campaign as an evidence of a strong economy under Modi at a time when the Congress has sought to use the Goods and Services Tax (GST) glitches and demonetisation as a plank against it.
1900, Responding to improving demand, manufacturers cranked up output for the fourth month in a row, and hired new workers at the fastest pace in five years.
1901, For the moment, "we must celebrate uptick in the economy", Kumar further said. "We have now started rising again. The economy has come out of the woods and taken two huge reforms (demonetisation and GST) in its stride.
1902, "GST has made doing business and trade very easy. The market size for every trader has grown. Now whole country is his market," Jaitley said while responding to questions regarding the second quarter economic growth estimates.
1903, At a media briefing, he also recalled his party&#39;s unprecedented win in Uttar Pradesh and Uttarakhand assembly polls following the demonetisation decision and noted that it had swept "trading hubs" in UP to underline popular support to note ban.
1904, "After demonetisation, there was small lull for a small period as nobody knew actually what was going to happen. Then GST was implemented. Agents should have knowledge of taxation and all. Lot of people did not book holidays. Now, it is stabilising. GST is working out better for us," IITM director Surinder Hakhu told PTI here.
1905, The filing of returns by exporters has increased to 3,000 a day from 900 about a week before.
1906, Yesterday when the GDP numbers came out, the Chief Economic Statistician TCA Anant said that since GST is not stabilised there might be an upward revision in the numbers going ahead. To discuss that in detail, CNBC-TV18&#39;s Ronojoy Banerjee caught up with the man himself.
1907, The Central Board of Excise and Customs (CBEC) had last month started refunds for exporters of goods who have paid IGST and have claimed refund based on shipping bill by filling up Table 6A.
1908, "The Union Government is not releasing Rs 3500 crore share of Punjab from GST, which has been adversely impacting the social welfare schemes of the state government," Jakhar said in a statement.
1909, The GST slab for fans was reduced from 28 per cent to 18 per cent, thus 50 Watt fans will now be available at Rs 1,110 only, it said in a statement.
1910, Behera said the state has collected Rs 3735.14 crore as GST from July to October 2017 which is about 2.3 percent more than the corresponding period of the last fiscal.
1911, According to data shared by CITI, the import rose during July, August and October, but September figures were not available.
1912, The FTP review, to be unveiled later today, may accord special priority to improving logistics for trade to help bring down the costs, sources told PTI.
1913, In the first four months of the Goods and Services Tax (GST), over 3 crore returns have been filed on the GST Network (GSTN) portal, with 80 lakh alone being filed in November. Speaking to PTI, Pandey said the return filing on the portal has been increasing by 5 lakh every month on an incremental basis and expressed hope that the new leadership at Infosys would carry the momentum forward.
1914, Around 39 percent of startups said that they received one or more income tax notices this year
1915, The complaints about GST are mainly coming from people who used to evade taxes in the past, said Adi Godrej, Chairman, Godrej Group.
1916, "EEPC compliments the commerce ministry for a pragmatic mid-term review of the Foreign Trade Policy with the objective of improving ease of doing business for the exporters," EEPC chairman T S Bhasin said in a statement.
1917, In an interview with CNBC-TV18’s Timsy Jaipuria, Chairman of goods and services tax (GST) network Ajay Bhushan Pandey spoke about the latest happenings.
1918, “In terms of the taxation requirement, if we see corporate taxes across the world, the trend is that people are reducing corporate taxes. India is among the highest.,” Confederation of Indian Industries (CII) President Shobhna Kamineni said after the pre-budget meeting with the Finance Minister and top ministry officials.
1919, The six-member panel set up by the government last month, he said, has made over 100 recommendations regarding GST.
1920, Consumers will have to provide details of product&#39;s price and the applicable tax rates for both, pre and post GST era.
1921, Amid issues like implementation of the Goods and Services Tax (GST) and demonetisation, apart from the &#39;Patidar&#39; factor, it is to be seen for whom the large trading community of this diamond and textile hub will vote, when the city goes to polls in the first phase on Saturday.
1922, "Let revenue stabilise and tax buoyancy come, then the Council will look into rationalising or merging tax slabs of 12 and 18 per cent," Modi, who is also the Deputy Chief Minister of Bihar, said in his address to Bharat Chamber of Commerce members here.
1923, Based on the decision taken at the 23rd Goods and Services Tax (GST) Council meeting, the Law Review Committee and the Advisory Group of the Law Review Committee were both constituted on November 2
1924, Reforms are done in two ways, incrementally and fundamentally, currently we are doing incremental reforms, says former RBI governor, YV Reddy.
1925, India has finally turned a new page with the launch of GST.
1926, In an interview to CNBC-TV18&#39;s Shereen Bhan and Bhupendra Chaubey, Arundhati Bhattacharya, Chairman, SBI spoke about the goods and services tax (GST) and its impacts on her company and Indian economy.
1927, Watch Prime Minister Narendra Modi, President Pranab Mukherjee and Finance Minister Arun Jaitley speak at launch GST in Central Hall of Parliament on July 1 2017.
1928, PM credited all political parties and previous govts for GST, billed as India’s biggest reform initiative that kicked-in from July 1
1929, PM Modi quoted Chanakya, Lokmanya Tilak, Jawaharlal Nehru among others to explain the benefits of the new tax regime.
1930, Goods and Services Tax (GST) was implemented at midnight in the ceremony at the Parliament Central Hall, New Delhi.
1931, The present exemption from basic customs duty on specified parts of mobiles, such as camera module, touch panel, vibrator motor ringer, etc. will continue.
1932, In an interview to CNBC-TV18&#39;s Shereen Bhan and Bhupendra Chaubey, V Lakshmikumaran of Lakshmikumaran & Shridhar, Harishanker Subramaniam, National Leader of Indirect Tax at EY India, Rohan Shah, Tax Expert, MS Mani, Senior Director at Deloitte Haskins & Sells, Suresh Nandlal Rohira Partner at Grant Thornton India, Rajeev Dimri, Head of Indirect Tax at BMR Advisors and Pratik Jain, Partner at PwC India spoke about the launch and future of the goods and services tax (GST).
1933, Watch Santosh Gangwar MoS, Finance, Nitin Gadkari Minister for Road Transport and Highways, Suresh Prabhu Railway Minister, Vanaja Sarna, CBEC Chief and Sushil Modi leader BJP share their views on the launch of Goods and Services Tax.
1934, While the government celebrated the launch of GST at the Parliament’s central hall, citizens took to social media to share their views and welcome the new tax structure.
1935, NULL
1936, ICICI Bank, country&#39;s largest private lender sent an SMS: "Dear Customer, w.e.f. 1-Jul-17, ST of 15% is replaced by GST of 18%. To avail input tax credit, pls. visit nearest branch & update GSTIN for your account."
1937, Recalling his days as Finance Minister, Mukherjee said he introduced Constitution Amendment Bill in 2011
1938, With the help of the GST, the backward states, the poor and the oppressed will help get uplifted. I hope the people of the country will welcome it open heartedly, he said.
1939, The GST difference of fare shall not be collected on the tickets booked in advance as the GST shall be applicable on tickets issued on or after July, 2017, said a senior Railway Ministry official
1940, Minister of State for Finance Santosh Gangwar said the GST council will come together again whenever it will be required
1941, "There was a general consensus in the meeting that non- implementation of the GST regime would trigger economic and financial chaos in the state with the inter-state trade vis- a-vis J&K taking a big hit," an official spokesman said here
1942, At the stroke of midnight, Mukherjee and Modi pressed two buttons on a glass box decorated with orchids and GST inscribed on it.
1943, "This is a historic moment. Consumer will benefit under the GST regime. Depending on the need, we will review the taxes," Minister of State for Finance Santosh Gangwar said.
1944, "There will be some hurdles initially. But we will be able to remove them in 1-2 months," Subramanian told media after attending the GST rollout ceremony held in Parliament
1945, "All decisions of GST Council were taken uninamously...We did not want to burden common man and weaker section," Jaitley said.
1946, Ruptures in the opposition unity emerged barely a week after 17 parties joined hands to put up a joint candidate against the ruling NDA nominee for the July 17 presidential election.
1947, The high-profile GST launch was a historic landmark with all top political heads, policy makers,  and celebrities attending its midnight launch. Here is a sneak-peak inside the parliament.
1948, The traders and the opposition parties claim the new tax regime would lead to erosion of the special status of Jammu and Kashmir guaranteed by Article 370 of the Constitution.
1949, The new tax rates of various goods under the national goods and service tax (GST) will be applicable on goods starting today.
1950, Bigger brands undergo smooth transition while small traders yet to adopt GST structure
1951, Watch CNBC-TV18 and CNN-News18 reporters get the ground report on GST from small traders and shopkeepers post its launch from July 1 2017.
1952, In an interview to CNBC-TV18&#39;s Ronojoy Banerjee, Keki Mistry Vice Chairman & CEO HDFC spoke about the goods and services tax (GST) and its impacts on his company and Indian economy.
1953, In an interview to CNBC-TV18&#39;s Ronojoy Banerjee, John Paul President, FADA spoke about the goods and services tax (GST) and its impacts on their business and Indian economy.
1954, In an interview to CNN-News18&#39;s Sakshi Khanna, Ram Reddy President, Hyd CREDAI spoke about the goods and services tax (GST) and its impacts on real estate sector and Indian economy.
1955, Opinions are divided amid restaurateurs over GST benefits.
1956, In an interview to CNBC-TV18&#39;s Ronojoy Banerjee, Varun Berry MD, Britannia spoke about the goods and services tax (GST) and its impacts on his company and Indian economy.
1957, Lowered taxes on milk powder and milk is going to bring down prices of some Nestle products.
1958, In an interview to CNBC-TV18&#39;s Ronojoy Banerjee, Navin Kumar Chairman, GSTN spoke about the preparedness of GSTN post its launch on July 1 2017.
1959, Durable makers would also go for another hike before the festive seasons as the industry is considering a price revision based on input credit, when their existing stock of raw materials and components would replenish.
1960, The GST regime is being touted as replacing several central and state taxes, and bringing the concept of “single market”.
1961, If you are planning to go out for a movie or for dinner date or figuring out a place to go for a quick weekend trip, then it is important to know what alterations GST will bring to your plans.
1962, Das also said that the Centre and states are well prepared for smooth implementation of the GST, which was launched on the midnight of June 30.
1963, The iPhone 7 Plus (256GB version) -- the most premium device in Apple&#39;s smartphone portfolio -- will be available at Rs 85,400.
1964, The consumer durables industry is expecting only a marginal price revision despite the category being placed under the highest tax slab of 28 percent under GST, as players look forward to the festive season in the coming months.
1965, "Over the medium term, we expect that the GST will contribute to productivity gains and higher GDP growth by improving the ease of doing business, unifying the national market and enhancing India&#39;s attractiveness as a foreign investment destination," Moody&#39;s VP (Sovereign Risk Group) William Foster said.
1966, The implementation of the crucial tax reform gives tremendous confidence to the industry that the government will continue to facilitate investments and simplify the business environment, the industry body said.
1967, The company has slashed the price of its detergent soap Rin bar of 250 gm to Rs 15 from Rs 18 and increased weight (grammage) of its Surf Excel bar costing Rs 10 to 105 gm from 95 gm at the same price.
1968, Representatives of Telangana State Federation of Textile Associations, and cloth merchants associations submitted memorandums to the minister against the imposition of the GST on textiles and sought his intervention to urge the Centre to exempt the textiles industry from the GST.
1969, The Goods and Services Tax (GST) framework, which came into effect from July 1, provides for certain input tax credit only on business class tickets and there is no such provision on economy class fares.
1970, Listing out various benefits of the GST, he said it is the duty of everyone of the country to support it.
1971, "This is completely untrue. Please do not recirculate such message without checking it with authority," Adhia said.
1972, "BJP workers are the focal point of party&#39;s journey from Jan Sangh till now. The party&#39;s existence is through the smallest of the booth level cadre," Shah said after inaugurating the BJP&#39;s South Goa district office in Margao.
1973, The new indirect tax regime will be implemented there in the next few days," he told PTI on the sidelines of a GST-related event here. J&K Finance Minister Haseeb Drabu had yesterday stated in New Delhi that the state is likely to clear the legislation on the indirect tax regime by July 6.
1974, Maharashtra Industries minister Subhash Desai said the department has decided to form a committee under the Industries secretary to study the GST impact on industries.
1975, Speaking to reporters here, Prakash said, "Implementing GST on the directions of foreign consultants will have negative impact on small and medium enterprises."
1976, "People are supporting Prime Minister Narendra Modi for taking good decisions. People are very happy about the GST. It is unfortunate that Congress, which was instrumental in introducing the Bill, decided to boycott the session for no reason." Naidu told reporters here.
1977, J-K is the only state which has not taken a call yet on the implementation of the new tax regime, which came into force in the country from midnight yesterday.
1978, The Nikkei India Manufacturing Purchasing Managers&#39; Index, compiled by IHS Markit, fell to 50.9 in June from 51.6 in May, but still held above the 50 level that separates growth from contraction for a sixth straight month.
1979, The pressure will be up and going from now on for the three lakh tax and sales accounts and the 1.5 lakh Chartered Accountants in India.
1980, "The price reduction is in the range of Rs 350 to Rs 1,500 in the commuter segment. In the premium segment products, the prices are reduced up to Rs 4,150 depending on each state," TVS Motor Company said in a statement.
1981, Watch the interview of MJ Khan, Chairman at Indian Council of Food and Agriculture (ICFA) with Manisha Gupta on CNBC-TV18, in which he reviews the impact of goods and services tax (GST) on the agricultural commodities and how it would impact the farmers.
1982, Goods and services tax (GST) is here and CNBC-TV18&#39;s Priya Sheth has been on the ground to find out how the economy is coping with this seminal change. She visited the electronics retail chain store, Vijay Sales for a ground check.
1983, In an interview to CNBC-TV18, KK Modi of Godfrey Phillips outlined the impact of goods and services tax (GST) on his company and the industry.
1984, While the reduction in prices will vary from state to state, the highest cut will be in Mumbai with the company&#39;s flagship SUV Endeavour becoming cheaper by up to Rs 3 lakh.
1985, NULL
1986, "If anybody charges rates beyond GST, stern action will be taken against them," Finance Minister D Jayakumar told reporters here.
1987, The GST on Braille typewriters and papers, carriages for the disabled and wheelchairs and other assistive devices have been fixed at rates varying between 5 to 18 per cent.
1988, The company has cut price of its hatchback Brio by up to Rs 12,279 and that of compact sedan Amaze by up to Rs 14,825. Besides, it has slashed price of Jazz by up to Rs 10,031 and that of its recently launched model WR-V by up to Rs 10,064.
1989, Looking at all the countries that have implemented it from their legacy taxation structures, almost all have taken a dip in growth for two to four quarters, said R Shankar Raman, CFO, Larsen and Toubro.
1990, "Starting July 1, Honda is passing on the GST benefit applicable in most of the states to our valued customers who now get significant savings going up to Rs 5,500 depending on the model and the state of purchase," HMSI Senior Vice- President, sales and marketing, Yadvinder Singh Guleria today said in a statement.
1991, ITC may continue to outperform. It is one of the cheaper stocks relative to the sector, says Anand Tandon.
1992, Large companies have the bandwidth to invest in the technology upgrades to support their ERP platform in the process of being GST compliant
1993, Cabinet Secretary, PK Sinha is taking stock of the implementation of the GST as we speak. All central government secretaries, as well as CBEC Chairperson, Vanaja Sarna are a part of this review huddle. CNBC-TV18&#39;s Timsy Jaipuria was tracking that meet.
1994, In an interview with Moneycontrol, Subhash Varshney, Principal Commissioner of GST, Mumbai Zone spoke in length on the landmark tax reform and shared his views on how the economic scenario will look in the short term.
1995, Leasing of cabs will now attract a tax of 29-43 percent GST - depending on the car – compared to the earlier tax levy of 14.5 percent. Cab leasing programs of both Ola and Uber are likely to take a hit.
1996, The GST era is well and truly underway. Apart from a few niggles, it has been smooth sailing so far. So, are you GST-compliant? On this episode of GST Helpline, top officials from the Central Board of Excise and Customs along with the country&#39;s top tax experts will answer your queries.
1997, The GST which mainly aimed to eliminate the tax-on-tax structure has proved to be a flip for the Tamil film industry, with additional tax burden on the Film Chamber of Commerce.
1998, Exporters can furnish bond or letter of undertaking instead of paying Integrated GST at the time of exporting goods and services with effect from July 1.
1999, The new Goods and Services Tax (GST) regime replaces a thicket of indirect central and state levies that critics argue have blunted economic competitiveness and hobbled efforts to lift more people out of poverty.
2000, "There are some messages going around in the social media stating that the temple trusts have to pay the GST while the churches and mosques are exempt. This is completely untrue because no distinction is made in the GST law on any provision based on religion," the finance ministry said in a statement.f
2001, Mir was talking to reporters after the Congress Legislature Party&#39;s meeting ahead of the special session of the state legislature starting tomorrow for the passage of the GST Bill.
2002, Cement companies such as Star Cement, Dalmia Cement and Topcem Cement have made this reduction in cement prices effective from July 1, the release quoting the cement majors, said.
2003, "Indian logistics industry is at the cross-roads, poised for growth on the back of the economic recovery and changing industry dynamics," domestic ratings agency Icra said in a note.
2004, Despite a huge leap in projected production by 2020, the domestic manufacturing will meet only 26 per cent of the local demand, the joint study conducted by industry chamber Assocham and NEC Technologies said.
2005, Following the roll out of GST from July 1, Apple has reduced the prices of its products in India to pass on the benefits to customers.
2006, The GST was in the public domain for long and brought together all stake-holders like political parties, traders, industries and common people to debate and discuss, before coming into effect, despite some rhetoric by some of them at implementation stage, Prabhu said.
2007, The traders were detained near the gate of the Civil Secretariat complex, which also houses the assembly, after they took out a protest march,  police said.
2008, Ahead of the G20 Summit in Germany to be attended by Prime Minister Narendra Modi, among other world leaders, the FSB yesterday submitted its status report on progress in financial regulatory reforms in various jurisdictions, including India.
2009, In an interview to CNBC-TV18, Sajjan Bhajanka, Chairman of Century Plyboard spoke about the latest happenings in the company and in the sector.
2010, From eating out to moving getaways, from DTH bills to home rents, from doctor visits to gym sessions have all become costlier, as yesterday’s luxuries become today’s necessities
2011, In an interview to CNBC-TV18, Ramesh Kumar Dua, MD of Relaxo Footwears and Adesh Gupta, CEO of Liberty Shoes shared their views on the GST.
2012, As part of a new nationwide sales tax regime that kicked in on July 1, the Goods and Services Tax (GST) on gold has jumped to 3 percent from 1.2 percent previously, with traders and buyers saying the move will likely force more transactions into the black market.
2013, The hike was approved by the Maharashtra Cabinet yesterday to compensate for the loss of revenue due to the abolition of octroi and local body tax following the implementation of the Goods and Services Tax (GST), an official from the transport department said today.
2014, "The price of domestic LPG cylinder has gone up by Rs 32 in parts of the country after the GST became effective. This is affecting common people, the poor especially. We demand that the GST on domestic LPG cylinder be removed immediately," senior AICC spokesperson Ajay Maken told reporters here.
2015, The four slab Goods and Services Tax (GST) was rolled out from July 1. The new regime taxes various goods and services at 5, 12, 18 and 28 per cent, while keeping essential commodities out.
2016, The all-powerful GST council used the merits of goods and services to divide them into essential, non-essential and Luxury goods, according to which the tax rates for respective goods have been decided.
2017, "GST will unify the indirect tax system and remove domestic barriers to trade, which should support productivity gains and GDP growth over the long term," Fitch said, adding it is "unlikely to increase revenue in the short term."
2018, Subsidised LPG rates have been increased to Rs 477.46 per 14.2-kg cylinder from Rs 446.65 in Delhi after GST was implemented from July 1.
2019, Finance Minister Haseeb Drabu moved the resolution seeking suggestions from the lawmakers on how to implement the 101st amendment of the Constitution of India pertaining to GST in the state with modifications to ensure that the special status under Article 370 of the Constitution is not affected.
2020, "Revised interest rates have been fixed at 2.43 per cent for deposits of one year and above, but less than two years from the existing 2.36 per cent," the city-headquartered bank said in a statement.
2021, In case the price of the prepackaged commodity increases due to GST, manufacturers will have to publish advertisements to intimate masses about the MRP revision
2022, The classroom for the goods and services tax (GST) will be telecasted live on Doordarshan and other news outlets are also free to show it on their channels, Adhia said.
2023, Survey shows 60 percent of the population assumes that GST is either ‘not beneficial’ or ‘has no idea’ about the implications of it.
2024, Black money component in real estate to come down drastically as construction material will have to be sourced from registered vendors to get input tax credit
2025, With now close to 22 states abolishing commercial tax check posts, goods sector seems to be already reaping the benefits of GST implementation. CNBC-TV18&#39;s Rukmini Rao now joined us from the Karnataka-Tamil Nadu border to give a sense of how inter-state transport is looking like.
2026, Fuel prices in Karnataka have become cheaper by Rs 3 to 4 after the state government&#39;s decision to abolish entry tax on petrol and diesel starting July 1.
2027, There were a few states that earlier used to levy additional entertainment tax excluding films from their own region. To bring about a parity in the tax rate, a uniform tax of 28 percent tax on entertainment was decided by the GST Council.
2028, The company has started supply of batches on new rates from July 1 from its warehouses, when the new tax structure came into force.
2029, The GST era is well and truly underway. Apart from a few niggles, it has been smooth sailing so far, so, are you GST-compliant?
2030, The rollout of goods and services tax has a huge technology component that&#39;s been driving the change and CNBC-TV18&#39;s Jude Sannith went behind the scenes of this massive tax reform to speak to companies that are helping assessees become GST-ready.
2031, "Revenue secretary Hasmukh Adhia is an honest man, but they are trying to implement the GST through impractical ways and with this kind of implementation, confusion will be created, which will initially give rise to inflation in the country....The GST will not be successful," he said.
2032, The issue has also been raised by veteran actor Kamal Haasan who hit out at the state government for not backing the "already beleaguered" film industry.
2033, The strike, called by by Jammu and Kashmir Coordination Committee (JKCC), prompted the authorities to impose restrictions in parts of Srinagar, the summer capital.
2034, "Following the rollout of GST, we have decided to pass on the entire benefit to our customers. We are offering a price reduction of up to 12 per cent ranging between Rs 3,300 and Rs 2,17,000, depending on the model and variant," Tata Motors President, Passenger Vehicles Business Unit, Mayank Pareek said in a statement.
2035, The GST rate is slightly higher than the existing service tax rate. Therefore, it would result in a small increase in the insurance premium
2036, The consumption story for India looks intact, consumers are feeling good, said Consumer Economy Expert, Rama Bijapurkar.
2037, "Railways traditionally have been doing business in bulk commodities, that too in ten major commodities including ore and cement among others," Prabhu said addressing third conference on logistics organised by Confederation of Indian Industries (CII) here.
2038, Sales volumes also went down by 11 percent year-on-year, recording the lowest first-half sales in the past five years, says a Knight Frank India report.
2039, The company has cut price of its hatchback Kwid Climber AMT between Rs 5,200 to Rs 29,500, SUV Duster RXZ AWD between Rs 30,400 to Rs 1,04,700 and that of Lodgy Stepway RXZ between Rs 25,700 to 88,600.
2040, J&K was the only state not to have implemented the tax reform before its July 1 rollout.
2041, "The gold jewellery demand is expected to grow by nine percent in values and six percent in volumes during CY 2017," rating agency ICRA said in a report.
2042, "Good start but a lot more needs to be done." That&#39;s SBI Chief, Arundathi Bhattacharya on how the GST regime has kicked off.
2043, "The main aim of GST, which Prime Minister Narendra Modi termed as Good and Simple Tax, is to simplify the taxation process, reduce the burden of taxes (which will eventually happen automatically) and ensure compliance of tax payment.
2044, One of the underlying principles of the GST has been to reduce the layers of taxation and complexity for small businesses so that such entities can focus more on their core business rather than worry about compliance.
2045, "The central government...hereby exempts all goods imported by a unit or a developer in the Special Economic Zone (SEZ) for authorised operations, from the whole of the integrated tax leviable thereon under...the Customs Tariff Act, 1975 read with section 5 of the Integrated Goods and Service Tax Act, 2017," the Department of Revenue has said in a notification.
2046, After GST was rolled out, Erode Handloom Cloth Merchants Association, Power Loom weavers Association, Bleaching and dyeing units had made a representation to the Centre for abolishing the five per cent GST imposed on textile goods.
2047, However, with the GST Council firm on high tax rate for hybrid vehicles, auto companies which had big plans for this category will have to rethink their strategy, he added.
2048, Perhaps the most evident benefit of the Goods and Services Tax roll-out has played out on our national highways, when earlier this week, the finance ministry issued a release which indicated that 22 states had closed down their RTO check-posts on national highways. CNBC-TV18&#39;s Jude Sannith hopped on a truck, took a ride and sent this ground report.
2049, Reliance Jio on Thursday announced a JioGST Starter Kit worth Rs 1,999. The starter kit offers JioFi device.
2050, Watch Sanjeev Srivatsa, Commissioner at CBEC answer queries related to Goods and Services Tax (GST) from MS Mani, Senior Director at Deloitte, Pratik Jain, Partner at PwC India, and Harishankar, Partner at EY.
2051, Simple requests by distributors to retailers for their Aadhaar card number submission for registration is seen with suspicion.
2052, The taxation system under GST will soon be part of the commerce and management curriculum in Uttar Pradesh&#39;s higher education institutes, a minister said on Thursday.
2053, General government spending, yields and spreads could thus see some volatility, according to Mishra.
2054, In an interview to CNBC-TV18, Amit Jatia, VC of Westlife Development talked about what goods and services tax (GST) mean for the burgers (McDonald&#39;s).
2055, "The rate of reduction varies from state to state across the car range depending on the earlier VAT rates. The price reduction will be up to 5.9 per cent ex-showroom Delhi," Hyundai Motor India said in a statement. The new prices are effective from July 1, 2017, it added.
2056, Similarly, Tata Motors has also cut prices of its commercial vehicles, while Bajaj Auto&#39;s Austrian arm KTM dropped prices of its sports bikes in the country. Japanese automaker Nissan announced reduction in prices of its vehicles, including the Datsun brand, by an average of 3 per cent in the country.
2057, The PDP-BJP government had passed a resolution on Wednesday in the assembly after which the state cabinet under the chairmanship of Chief Minister Mehbooba Mufti cleared a draft order for concurrence of the President.
2058, In an interview to CNBC-TV18, Nishant Arya, ED of JBM Group spoke about goods and services tax (GST) and latest happenings in the company.
2059, Earlier, online retailers used to supply the phones from states where Value Added Tax was lower, said a report by The Economic Times. However, with GST, there is a uniform tax rate across India.
2060, At the informal meeting of the BRICS leaders on the sidelines of the G20 Summit here, Modi emphasised that it was necessary to work together for sustained global economic recovery. He also referred to the reforms carried out by his government, including implementation of the Goods and Services Tax (GST).
2061, Worried that the investment cycle recovery of states that have announced farm loan waivers could get further delayed, said Tanvee Gupta Jain, India Economist, UBS Investment Bank.
2062, GST came into effect from July 1 and cars that were taken on lease had an excise duty of 13.5 percent to 14.5 percent. From July 1, these cars will be subject to 28 percent tax under GST and also a 15 percent cess taking the effective tax rate to 43 percent.
2063, The Federation of Indian Export Organisations or FIEO has said that no exemption from payment of integrated Goods and Services Tax (GST) will hit export profitability by at least 2 percent.
2064, Consumer Affairs Minister Ram Vilas Paswan on Friday warned of a fine of up to Rs 1 lakh and a jail term if new post-GST rates are not printed on the inventory in the interest of consumers.
2065, The bill was moved in the Assembly after a Presidential Order which gave an assurance on preservation of the special status of the state guaranteed by Article 370 of the Constitution.
2066, India successfully launched the historic Goods and Services Tax (GST) on July 1. While the corporates may have adapted to the new regime with a few hiccups, the agriculture sector has been grappling to come to terms with this transition. Traders in Rajasthan and Gujarat have been protesting against GST.
2067, The "common man" is still confused and traders lives are getting increasingly complicated.
2068, KBRL rivals, including Kohinoor and Daawat have been very critical of the exemption carried out for India Gate, them having to pay the 2.5 percent CGST applicable on branded cereals
2069, Consumers will have to cough up GST on bill payment for credit card, telephone or any other service consumed in June if the invoice for the same has been generated or payment made in July.
2070, Polaris India, which sells the brand in the country, said the price will be reduced for the three models - Indian Scout, Indian Dark Horse and Indian Chief Classic -ranges between 9 percent and 12 percent.
2071, For cinema goers in Tamil Nadu, there is good news and bad news. While theatre owners have called off their strike, ticket prices have been bumped up from the previous cap of Rs 120 to Rs 153 now after accounting for GST. CNBC-TV18&#39;s Jude Sannith gives more details.
2072, Ashish Goel, CEO of online furniture seller Urban Ladder - says the impact of GST has been negative on the firm so far. In a conversation with CNBC-TV18&#39;s Rukmini Rao, Goel added that Urban Ladder expects a 5 to 7 percent hike in prices due to GST impact.
2073, Finance Minister Arun Jaitley along with CBEC officials launched an app called the &#39;GST Rates Finder&#39;.
2074, With earning season round the corner, it is time for stock specific action, and investors are certain to scout for outperformers among the GST tangle.
2075, Not many sectors are expressing joy over the new tax regime. For now, they appear to be neutral at best.
2076, In case you missed it, here&#39;s a recap of all that happened in the pharma sector this week.
2077, The finance ministry came out with a clarification after reports suggested that some unscrupulous elements posing as GST officers have tried to fleece shopkeepers and customers in the name of GST
2078, FMCG major Colgate-Palmolive (India) today said it has reduced prices of toothpastes and toothbrushes by 8-9 per cent to pass on the GST benefits to consumers.
2079, Senior Congress leader Kapil Sibal today said the GST was &#39;goodbye to simple tax&#39; and not a &#39;good and simple tax&#39; as described by the prime minister, stressing that it was good for the government and bad for the common man
2080, Continuing their strike which is underway since the beginning of this month, textile traders in Surat today organised a silent march to protest five per cent Goods and Services Tax (GST)
2081, The Congress today dubbed the Goods and Services Tax (GST) as "extremely tedious" for traders and sought lowering of the highest tax slab to 18 percent
2082, The Centre will offer certificate courses in Goods and Services Tax (GST) accounting, programming and other related subjects through its &#39;Garib Nawaz&#39; skill development centres.
2083, The companies should not print new MRP on unsold stock manufactured, packed or imported prior to July "mechanically" but only after taking into account extra availability of input tax credit under the GST, the government said yesterday.
2084, The GST provision, requiring any good more than Rs 50,000 in value to be pre-registered online before it can be moved, is likely to kick in from October after a centralised software platform is ready, a top official said.
2085, Naqvi said the introduction of the new tax system by the Narendra Modi Government was the biggest economic reform since the Independence.
2086, The aviation industry had been asking for relief as it was facing a dual levy of 5 per cent at the time of import and another 5 per cent at the time of payment of lease rent.
2087, "There is massive support for GST and people are happy," Union Information and Broadcasting Minister Naidu said in his address at a GST conference here.
2088, The decision was taken during a meeting of traders associated with three major textile markets in the city, including Maskati Cloth Market Association, New Cloth Market and Panchkuva Cloth Market, a release by these associations said.
2089, Jaitley was speaking at a seminar on the new taxation system here which was attended by a large number of businessmen and traders.
2090, "There is massive support for GST and people are happy," the Union Information and Broadcasting Minister said in his address at a GST conference here.
2091, The new 10.5-inch iPad Pro starts at a price of Rs 52,900 for the 64 GB Wi-Fi model, Rs 60,900 for 256 GB, and Rs 76,900 for the 512 GB model
2092, In pre-GST, the total tax incidence on sanitary napkins was 13.68 percent after considering cesses.
2093, "Notwithstanding some teething troubles, the GST is saving trucking time on trunk routes, connecting top cities, between 24-36 hours besides saving the fleet owners Rs 5,000 -7,500 per trip," it said in a statement.
2094, The company said it will continue to offer mild hybrid versions of its Ciaz sedan and multi-purpose vehicle Ertiga despite prices of the models going up by over Rs 1 lakh after GST implementation.
2095, GST is expected to have a mixed impact on the prices of the goods and services
2096, Consumer price inflation is predicted to cool to 1.70 percent in June, easing further from May&#39;s 2.18 percent, according to the poll of more than 30 economists taken over the past week.
2097, The legislator, Parul Sahu, said she wrote a letter to the finance minister two days back after talking to working women, young students and social workers over the issue.
2098, Homebuyers wanting to purchase a house immediately should go in for projects that have received an occupation certificate or one that is expected to get permission soon.
2099, The valuation of the Indian market is at the top band as there is a lot of optimism which is priced in the Indian market.
2100, Increases in charges for services, if sustained, threaten to push up core inflation, which excludes food and energy prices. Nomura estimates the annual core rate could rise as much as 60 basis points.
2101, In his speech, he said the budget would take the state forward on the high trajectory of growth which has been pegged at 10 per cent in the next five years.
2102, Under the new tax regime, prices of the company&#39;s popular hybrid sedan Camry have gone up by an average of Rs 3 lakh.
2103, Earlier too, while tax was applicable it was offset by input tax credit. With the absence of that, the increase in taxes are being directly passed on to customers. But some agencies are offering discounts.
2104, "As low-cost manufacturing is gradually moving away from China, it is now critical for India and even the world whether it can replace China as the next &#39;world&#39;s factory&#39;, an article in the Global Times said.
2105, Under GST regime, it is difficult to prescribe a separate rate of tax for sugar, etc. when supplied for a particular purpose.
2106, The government wants restaurants to pass the tax benefits they gain under GST to their customers.
2107, Is there a shortage of drugs in the country as a fallout of GST? There have been mixed reports on the availability of key lifesaving drugs. CNBC-TV18&#39;s Archana Shukla stepped out to do a check on the ground situation.
2108, India is the only significant democracy in the world with First Past the Post (FPTP) elections in which a multitude of parties feature. In the rest of the world, democracies:
2109, Panda was interacting with a group of industry members at a session titled &#39;10 Days of GST Roll-Out: Experience Sharing&#39; organised by CII here today, said "So far, so far good ... Initially, there were lots of questions, doubts, apprehensions even inhibitions about GST. There were even fears of price escalations. But in reality, nothing of that sort has happened".
2110, Morningstar believes ICICI Prudential Value Discovery Fund has the wherewithal to outperform its benchmark index over the long term.
2111, "The prices of petrol will come down in the range of 66 paise to Rs 1.77 per litre depending on the local taxes of the municipal corporations and other local bodies. Similarly, the diesel prices will come down in the range of Rs 1.25 to Rs 1.66 per litre," Bapat said.
2112, "With GST most of our locks will be levied at 18 per cent tax. We have decided to pass on the benefit to the consumers by suitably revising its wholesale and retail prices across the country," Godrej Locking Solutions and Systems VP and business head Shyam Motwani told PTI.
2113, State Bank of India had been charging Rs 5 along with the applicable service tax for IMPS fund transfer of up to Rs 1,000.
2114, "In the asset finance category our disbursal in FY17 was Rs 4,700 crore and this year we would like to see a growth of 25 per cent over last year. I am confident that FY18 would be a good year," Magma Fincorp (Asset Finance) president and CEO Kaushik Banerjee told reporters here.
2115, The company -- which had last week announced that from 2019 all its new models will have an electric motor, putting an end to cars that only have an internal combustion engine (ICE) -- also said it would try to bring such new vehicles to India as soon as possible after global launches.
2116, Maruti Suzuki India has cut prices across several models to pass on the benefits of lower goods and services tax (GST) to consumers. This whole process of ushering in the GST system has proceeded far more smoothly than what either government or people thought it would happen, RC Bhargava, Chairman of the company told CNBC-TV18.
2117, India&#39;s retail inflation cooled down to 1.54 percent in June from 2.18 percent in May, mainly due to goods and services tax-induced discounts. Core inflation rate was at 3.8 percent versus 4.2 percent month on month and food inflation came in at -1.17 percent versus -1.05 percent MoM.
2118, BharatBenz lowered its prices between 0.4 per cent and 2.5 per cent depending on the model and the respective state.
2119, Tech major Lenovo on Wednesday said it will slash prices of handsets sold through offline retail channels in the coming days, following the GST implementation.
2120, The catch is, if the jewellery is sold and new one bought through the proceeds, the 3 percent tax paid will be deducted from the GST payable on buying new jewellery.
2121, In March, the Directorate General of Civil Aviation (DGCA) had asked P&W to fix the issues related to its engines powering A320 neo planes flown by the Indian carriers within a specified time. Sources, who did not wish to be named, said at least nine A320 neo planes of IndiGo are currently grounded due to engine issues, which are in the process of being addressed.
2122, During the meeting, the prime minister also reviewed the progress towards handling and resolution of grievances related to the Central Public Works Department (CPWD) and the Directorate of Estates and asked the Urban Development ministry to proactively monitor the same, with sensitivity, the statement said.
2123, Chartered Logistics is buzzing in trade. In an interview to CNBC-TV18, Harsh Gandhi, ED of Chartered Logistics spoke about latest happenings in the company as well as about impact of goods and services tax (GST) on the sector. GST transition has been unstable so far. Many dispatches are on hold which will put some pressure on figures, he said.
2124, The minister was speaking to reporters at the sidelines of national workshop on Goods and Services Tax (GST) readiness here.
2125, After GST rollout, there have been cases of new structures being created in order to avoid paying taxes. Moneycontrol gives you a lowdown on the techniques used by companies to avoid paying taxes.
2126, Services provided by housing societies resident welfare association will not become expensive under the Goods and Services Tax (GST) regime, the finance ministry said on Thursday.
2127, Investors now have the option to go in for real estate as a financial instrument with all the safety nets in place to ensure that they get their returns or the physical possession of the asset at the committed price
2128, The Goods and Services Tax (GST) will severely dent the liquidity situation of traders and the compliance cost of merchant exporters may go up, top exporter body FIEO said on Friday.
2129, Gold demand fell in India this week, with dealers offering a discount for the first time in one month despite a correction in local prices as consumers advanced purchases in June before the rollout of a new nationwide sales tax
2130, The investment assistance project is piloting with 1,000 users and is expected to be introduced by end of the year or next year. The product will also have an option for users to invest directly through the portal in mutual funds under ELSS or book a SIP.
2131, "The GST is still in its initial phase. We are continuously studying and simplifying the difficulties faced by the trade and industry to maintain its real essence. The government is committed to make it a good and simple tax," the Union Minister of State for Finance told a gathering of tax officials and traders here.
2132, &#39;My biggest regret is not listening to my co-founders and leaving Infosys when I did in 2014&#39;. That&#39;s the word coming in from Infosys Founder, NR Narayana Murthy. In A candid chat with CNBC-TV18&#39;s Kritika Saxena, the father of Indian IT while admitting his regret at leaving Infosys, says the company did a good job with goods and services tax (GST) implementation.
2133, HP said the maximum retail price (MRP) of MFPs has been increased by 8-10 per cent, while ink cartridges will be dearer by 12-15 per cent.
2134, The company, which sells utility vehicles ranging from compact KUV100 to XUV500, also has plans to introduce a new electric vehicle in the next two years.
2135, Sources say that the goods and services tax (GST) Council is likely to meet today to consider issue regarding cess on tobacco. Watch accompanying video of CNBC-TV18&#39;s Timsy Jaipuria for more details.
2136, The auto industry has sent a detailed note to Finance Ministry on goods and services tax (GST) seeking that the government honours its &#39;promise&#39; on excise exemptions granted by them.
2137, The need for a fresh approach to gold is imperative. Here are a few recommendations which can be used to sort out gold trade.
2138, "The Indian pharmaceutical industry is likely to face competition from other countries to get ANDA (Abbreviated New Drug Application) approval. Apart from this, the Indian pharma companies will continue to witness pricing pressure in the US generics market due to consolidation of distribution channels and increase in competition.
2139, The GST rate for telecom services is 18 per cent. This is higher than 15 per cent that consumers paid on their phone bills in taxes and cess, before July 1. However, under GST, the telecom operators will also get the benefit of input tax credit, bringing the overall effective rates lower for consumers.
2140, The Central Board of Excise and Customs (CBEC) asked all tax practitioners not to open more than one enrollment or registration case at one time.
2141, Anomaly in cess on cigarettes has been corrected now, said Finance Minister Arun Jaitley in a press conference post the council meeting.
2142, NULL
2143, Jammu and Kashmir Finance Minister Haseeb Drabu on Monday set mid-August as the operational target for traders in the state to migrate to the GST as he directed the administration successfully implement the new tax regime.
2144, The government says the hike in duties is justified as it benefits the domestic manufacturing industry
2145, The decision to sell property must depend on your financial requirements and the price you are getting
2146, In contrast, the impact would be broadly neutral for property, electricity, telecom, pharmaceutical and fertiliser sectors, it said. "The national service tax (GST), is unlikely to lead to rating changes for any of Fitch&#39;s internationally rated corporates despite being negative for certain sectors," it said.
2147, ITC which holds a weightage of 7.2 percent in Sensex was the biggest contributor for the declines in the index.
2148, The concerns were expressed at a recent meeting of the ministry with the Prime Minister&#39;s Office, a government official said. "Electricity being a major input for steel industry will increase the cost of manufacturing if it remains out of the GST," the official said.
2149, The company is offering price reductions from 1.5 per cent up to 5 per cent on its range of trucks and buses. The price cut varies model wise and state wise.
2150, Amid protests in Gujarat by textile traders who are demanding rollback of 5 per cent GST on fabrics, Finance Minister Arun Jaitley said it is not correct to say that textiles sector was never taxed in independent India.
2151, As per the rate structure decided by the GST Council, hotels, guest houses and clubs having room tariff of Rs 1,000 and above but less than Rs 2,500 per room per day will attract 12 per cent tax rate. In cases where the room tariff is Rs 2,500 and above but less than Rs 7,500 per room per day, a 18 per cent GST would be charged.
2152, Over the medium term, developers may be encouraged to pass on the cost benefits to customers to comply with the anti-profiteering clause introduced in the Central Goods and Services Tax of 2017
2153, The government&#39;s move to increase cess on cigarettes will put severe pressure on the industry and also impact tobacco farmers, TII said.
2154, The goods and services tax prompted cinema theatres across Tamil Nadu to hike ticket prices for the first time in over a decade. That has not worked out well for these establishments. CNBC-TV18&#39;s Jude Sannith gave us this report.
2155, In CNBC-TV18&#39;s GST Ground Report, Nithya Balakrishnan checks whether GST has had any impact on fitness centres across India.
2156, Market has been scaling newer highs though dreams of a 5-digit Nifty were dashed in the last trading session. But market veterans are optimistic on the road ahead. In an interview to CNBC-TV18’s Nimesh Shah, Manish Chokhani of Enam discussed what is next for the Indian markets since they are scaling new highs.
2157, Besides, HUL is looking up to its trade partners to soon attain "normalcy" post GST and is working closely with them to restore it.
2158, Pitching the GST as a measure beneficial for the country at a meeting of the BJP parliamentary party attended by Prime Minister Narendra Modi, senior leaders and party MPs, Jaitley said prices of goods has come down between four to eight per cent since its roll-out on July 1.
2159, Having been in the offing for close to two decades, the goods and services tax (GST), which the government touts as the biggest domestic tax reform since independence, was introduced on July 1 and has bolstered economists&#39; outlook.
2160, Rice producing companies are in focus as basmati rice that was earlier subject to vat or was tax free in some states is now included in branded cereals category under goods and services tax (GST) and taxed at 5 percent. KRBL in particular has seen a 20 percent rally this week. In an interview to CNBC-TV18, Anoop Gupta, Joint MD of KRBL spoke about the same.
2161, Central Board of Excise and Customs (CBEC) Chairperson Vanaja Sarna said there will be genuine errors due to lack of understanding in the initial days.
2162, The government is continuously monitoring the situation as there are concerns that prices should not increase after GST implementation
2163, Fiat Chrysler Automobiles (FCA) India has reduced prices of its Jeep model range by up to Rs 18.49 lakh in order to pass on the GST benefit to customers.
2164, Freighters were not liable to pay any tax under the service tax regime, while now they have to pay 18 per cent GST.
2165, Havells India posted disappointing numbers for Q1FY18. The operational front performance was weak. “This was a special quarter because of the transition of value added tax (VAT) regime to the goods and services tax (GST) regime. Things should come back to normal in the coming quarters,” Anil Rai Gupta, CMD of Havells India told CNBC-TV18.
2166, "Foreign investments in Indian realty rocketed from USD 3.2 billion during 2011-13 to USD 7.6 billion during 2014-16 recording a staggering surge of 137 per cent," the consultant said.
2167, Central Board of Excise and Customs (CBEC) Chairperson Vanaja Sarna also said the department is keeping track of revenue trends post the GST rollout from July 1, but actual positions will be known after returns are filed in September.
2168, The government on Friday extended the deadline for small businesses to opt for the composition scheme in the GST regime by nearly four weeks to August 16.
2169, Calling the Goods and Services Tax (GST) a "great step towards transparency," Textile and Information and Broadcasting Minister Smriti Irani urged the business community to become a part of this historic tax reform.
2170, A five member National Anti-Profiteering Authority, headed by a secretary-level officer, will be set up soon to keep a tab on businesses that have not passed on to consumers the benefit of lower tax rates under the Goods and Services Tax (GST) regime.
2171, The company reasoned that "better treatment" in terms of taxation could lead to growth of luxury car segment in the country.
2172, Speaking at &#39;Veopari Sammelan&#39; here in the home constituency of Chief Minister Manohar Lal Khattar, Hooda noted that in the name of &#39;One Nation, One Tax&#39;, the present GST brought by the BJP was "extremely tedious" with seven-tier tax structure.
2173, "The remedial actions triggered by the USFDA observations are unmistakably beneficial to us in the long run and it has helped us accelerate the pace of quality reforms across our plants. We believe that the shift in the US regulator&#39;s approach from &#39;what has gone wrong&#39; to &#39;what can go wrong&#39; is for the long term good of the industry," Dr Reddy&#39;s Labs Chairman K Satish Reddy said in the company&#39;s annual report.
2174, It will stage demonstrations at all the 42 major markets across Delhi to "raise awareness on the adverse effects" of the Goods and Services Tax (GST) on the people, Delhi Congress chief Ajay Maken said at a press conference.
2175, The 125 crore people of the country knew that soft decisions in economic policies aimed at winning polls would not do the country any good, he said.
2176, "GST is positive for the industry. With affordable housing and focus on smart city projects, the industry is expected to grow at six to nine per cent this year against three to five per cent last year," Kajaria Ceramics chairman and managing director Ashok Kajaria said.
2177, The Dun and Bradstreet Composite Business Optimism Index stood at 72.1 during July-September of 2017, down 13.3 per cent from the same period last year.
2178, "Gradually, Uttar Pradesh will be giving tough fight to developed states like Gujarat and Maharashtra. And, I am confident enough that we will be able to bring investments in the state in an year&#39;s time, which was together brought in the last five years," UP Industrial Development Minister Satish Mahana told PTI in an interview.
2179, The need for both large and small companies to be GST-compliant has given a huge boost to the fintech sector
2180, There is a strong resistance around 10,100 levels which will act as stiff resistance for the market and to avoid getting caught on the wrong side of the trade, investors should book profits at current levels.
2181, A German research firm GfK found that smartphone demand in India remained resilient in 2017, having levelled out slightly to 14 per cent year-on-year.
2182, The help desk is driven by the largest pool of indirect tax professionals including over 800 GST practitioners across 14 cities
2183, The proposed anti-profiteering authority under the new GST regime will take up for scrutiny only those cases that have mass impact.
2184, In an interview to CNBC-TV18, Mihir Modi, Chief Finance & Strategy Officer at Zee Entertainment spoke about the results and gave his outlook for the company.
2185, The first batch of supplementary demands for grants for 2017-18 include 61 grants and 3 appropriations, according to the supplementary demands for grants. "Approval of the Parliament is sought to authorise gross additional expenditure of Rs 11,166.18 crore.
2186, CNBC-TV18 learn that states are pushing for an early implementation of the e-way bill. The goods and services tax (GST) council may discuss concerns around this at their meeting on August 5th.
2187, Under GST, working capital management could be an issue for MSMEs in the coming months, as public banks are reeling under the pressure of bad loans, and they will be more reluctant to give credit
2188, After over a decade of back and forth, the goods and services tax became a reality on the July 1. India&#39;s biggest tax reform since independence subsumed more than a dozen taxes in the country. We are nearing the one month milestone of the GST rollout and today we take stock of the hits and misses in this first month.
2189, The nation readies for a new tryst with destiny. Starting a journey of a new economic regime, this tryst with Goods and Service Tax (GST) – billed as the single biggest tax reform undertaken since independence - aims to free us from the shackles of nearly 500 different kinds of taxes and lead to a unified common market across India. One Nation, One Tax, One Market – this vision of GST captures succinctly what the government seeks to achieve.
2190, Ambiguous rules under the new, multi-rate sales tax that went into effect on July 1 have left firms confused on how to price their products. The tax&#39;s complex structure - four main rates ranging from 5 to 28 percent - has hurt sales and risks denting economic growth and government revenues in the months ahead.
2191, Textile industry raises fresh concerns; claims goods and services tax (GST) regime makes imports more viable. CNBC-TV18’s Timsy Jaipuria has exclusive details. Also, watch Thomas Isaac, Finance Minister of Kerala and Member of GST Council endorsing the fears of textile industry.
2192, The incident occurred when the woman was tricked by a person into paying the sum for the receipt of a parcel that she believed to be of gold ornaments.
2193, The legal cigarette industry has witnessed a 25 percent decline in volumes from FY 2012-13, said ITC.
2194, Morgan Stanley Research has revised the headline CPI forecast for calender year 2017 to 3.1 per cent from 3.6 per cent earlier and for 2018 to 4.3 per cent from 4.6 per cent earlier.
2195, In the last financial year, the company had filed 32 abbreviated new drug applications (ANDAs) in the US.
2196, The prime minister said the priority of the government, while ushering in the GST (Goods and Services Tax), has been that there should no burden on the plate of the poor man.
2197, A senior government official said the Central Board of Excise and Customs (CBEC) is trying to ascertain the reasons for businesses not opting for the Composition Scheme that was especially designed to ease compliance burden of small traders.
2198, Property consultant CBRE, in its report &#39;India Industrial and Logistics MarketView, H1 2017&#39;, said that the companies from third party logistics, engineering, manufacturing and FMCG sectors contributed about 75 per cent of the leasing.
2199, "With the projects that we already have in the pipeline plus we are putting up two new plants, with those plants getting commissioned, I think we should be closer to Rs 5,500 to 6,000 crore in revenue in five years&#39; time," HSIL Vice Chairman and MD Sandip told PTI here.
2200, This is how your employee compensation structure might be affected after the rolling out of the General Anti-Avoidance Rule (GAAR) and the Goods and Services Tax (GST)….
2201, The trader&#39;s wing of the Delhi Congress led by Ajay Maken held anti-GST demonstrations in five markets in the city.
2202, Jaitley was in the city to address a GST Conclave organised by various industry bodies like CII and FICCI.
2203, The composition scheme is an alternative method of levy of tax designed for small taxpayers whose turnover is up to Rs 75 lakh
2204, Responding to supplementaries in the Lok Sabha, Tourism minister Mahesh Sharma also said he will talk to the GST Council on the possible difficulties houseboat owners in Kerala may face due to GST.
2205, Ambit Capital is now showcasing some of the themes its analysts have been highlighting.
2206, Net sales during the period under review were up 3.42 per cent at Rs 2,266.69 crore as against Rs 2,191.64 crore of the corresponding quarter of the previous fiscal, the company said in a BSE filing.
2207, Nearly 71 lakh excise, service tax and VAT assessees have migrated to the GST Network (GSTN) till July 25. Besides, another 12 lakh new registrations came about under the Goods and Services Tax (GST) regime.
2208, The panel, headed by Finance Minister Arun Jaitley and comprising of representatives of all the 29 states, is also likely to consider removing anomaly in taxation in cases where the intermediate goods are taxed at the highest bracket than the tax on final output, the source said.
2209, The Punjab Municipal Corporation Law (Extension to Chandigarh) Amendment Bill, 2017 seeks to transfer power of the central government to levy taxes on entertainment and amusement in Chandigarh to its municipal corporation.
2210, Clearing the air over whether sarees will be treated as garments or fabric, the Central Board of Excise and Customs (CBEC) said sarees are treated as fabric and it remains so even after embroidery etc as no new item emerges having a distinct name, character and use.
2211, Finance Minister Arun Jaitley today introduced in the Lok Sabha two bills that would extend the Goods and Services Tax (GST) regime to Jammu and Kashmir.
2212, The two-day conclave will be held on September 1-2 in the national capital and the focus of the discussion will be on GST as well as on unearthing black money.
2213, "Moreover, the slab of 28 per cent requires a re-look as many of the items falling under this slab ought to be placed under other lower tax slabs," the Confederation of All India Traders (CAIT) said in a statement.
2214, The Nikkei/IHS Markit Manufacturing Purchasing Managers&#39; Index fell to 47.9 in July from June&#39;s 50.9, its first reading below the 50 mark that separates growth from contraction since December and its lowest reading since February 2009.
2215, Citi has retained a buy on Oberoi Realty with a target price of Rs 470 while CLSA has also maintained a buy on the stock with a target of Rs 484 despite impact from GST and RERA.
2216, The company also exported 1723 units of the Etios series this month. Toyota Kirloskar Motor had sold 12404 units in the domestic market and exported 1,344 units of the Etios series in July 2016. The company passed on the benefits of GST to customers on an immediate effect post GST roll out from the beginning of July. GST has been fruitful for the industry by boosting customer demand across segments owing to the price reduction.
2217, The company had sold 17,742 units in the same month of last year, Ford India said in a statement. Domestic sales were up 18.96 per cent to 8,418 units last month as against 7,076 units in July last year, it said.
2218, The all powerful GST Council comprising state finance minister will meet on August 5 to take stock of implementation of GST which was rolled from July 1.
2219, But in the past year, this forecasting has been rendered well nigh impossible with the sovereign suddenly extinguishing 85% of the currency. And then, as one disruption settles down another begins: the country has begun implementing a most ambitious single national indirect tax structure replacing and collapsing tax rates of 30 different states.
2220, Under the remission of state levies (RoSL), garments and made-ups exporters are entitled to get refunds of levies paid at the state level from the Centre.
2221, E-commerce giants like Amazon are already using artificial intelligence in robots to meet the high volume retail warehouses
2222, During the Question Hour in the Lok Sabha, the communications minister said the IMG&#39;s report is expected in 20 days. He said the group was constituted to examine the systemic issues affecting viability and repayment capacity in telecom sector and furnish recommendations for resolutions of stressed assets at the earliest.
2223, Chambers, who is also the chairman of the newly formed US-India Strategic Partnership Forum (USISPF), said the two nations can work together to create opportunities in each nation.
2224, "Earlier, the tax rates were around 19 to 20 per cent. After GST, the rates have increased to 28 per cent", executive vice chairman of EIH Limited S S Mukherjee told reporters after the company&#39;s AGM here.
2225, Further, over 54 per cent CFOs believe that the impact of demonetisation has been neutral, while 56 per cent are "highly optimistic" of the country&#39;s macro-economic growth in the next 4-5 years, the Deloitte Annual CFO survey said.
2226, The West Bengal Assembly will take up for discussion the West Bengal Goods and Services Tax Ordinance in its coming session prior to declaring it as law.
2227, The Lok Sabha passed two bills extending Central GST and Integrated GST to Jammu and Kashmir, with Finance Minister Arun Jaitley saying the step will ensure greater economic integration of the state with rest of the country.
2228, The Nikkei India Services Purchasing Managers&#39; Index (PMI), a pointer to services output on a monthly basis, plunged to 45.9 in July, the lowest since September 2013, from June&#39;s eight-month high of 53.1. The July services PMI also signalled the first downturn in output since the start of this year.
2229, According to the Federation of All India Farmer Associations (FAIFA), there is a need to bring in stability in tobacco farm prices and farmers&#39; earnings.
2230, Businesses can start filing their first GST returns and pay taxes for July on the portal of GST Network -- the IT infrastructure provider for the new indirect tax regime, beginning August 5, he told PTI here.
2231, The government has proposed seamless movements of goods of up to Rs 50,000 and there is a proposal to hike this limit to Rs 100,000
2232, The GST council&#39;s decision to impose a 5 percent tax on branded cereals and completely exempting unbranded ones has led to a full blown war within the organised basmati rice industry. Brands are accusing each other of moving to circumvent the GST notification, and distorting the price-sensitive market, reports CNBC-TV18&#39;s Ronojoy Banerjee.
2233, The company had posted a net profit of Rs 103.26 crore during the corresponding period of the previous fiscal, Ceat said in a BSE filing.
2234, Finance Minister Arun Jaitley said he will bring their demand to the notice of the GST council, which meets tomorrow.
2235, Replying to questions, Minister of State for Textiles Ajay Tamta said during the Question Hour that "the Handloom weavers do not come under the GST regime as their total turnover is below Rs 20 lakh."
2236, The Council, headed by Finance Minister Arun Jaitley, will also review at its meeting the implementation of the new Goods and Services Tax (GST) regime since July 1 and may finalise a mechanism to operationalise anti-profiteering provision to protect consumer interest.
2237, The revenue collected include those on account of customs duty, Integrated-GST (IGST) from imports, Countervailing Duty (CVD), special addition duty (SAD) and cess collection on imported items.
2238, Come September, the true impact of the transition to the goods and services tax regime will be revealed as companies start filing their returns. While market watchers are waiting to see what impact GST will have on the country&#39;s GDP, India&#39;s chief statistician, TCA Anant doesn&#39;t think there will be that much of an impact, but expects the quality of data to improve substantially.
2239, It has been one month from goods and services tax (GST) implementation and the council got together to take stock of the progress and implementation. In CNBC-TV18’s special coverage on the GST council meet, Pratik Jain of PwC India, MS Mani of Deloitte, Rohan Shah, Tax Expert, Krishna Byre Gowda, Agri Minister of Karnataka, Sachin Menon of KPMG, Amit Mitra, FM, West Bengal shared their views and readings about the same.
2240, Under GST rules, ferrying goods worth more than Rs 50,000 within or outside a state will require securing an e-way bill by prior online registration of the consignment.
2241, The roll out of the biggest tax reform since Independence has been "relatively smooth" with multi-layer monitoring and officers of the tax department have been working overtime to weed out major bottlenecks in the implementation
2242, Expressing his disappointment on imposition of the Goods and Services Tax (GST) on all the ongoing projects in the state, Rao had yesterday accused the Centre of taking "unilateral decisions" on GST.
2243, "It has been an extremely smooth turnover without any disruption" the Union Finance Minister told reporters here.  He rejected the argument that trade registration under GST was less and said a record number of registrations have taken place.
2244, The BJP leader questioned how the CM could now blame the central government for the GST tax rates, when all decisions on GST are collectively taken with voting rights of every state.
2245, Post GST implementation, the company is expecting the sale of branded air coolers to rise as the new indirect tax regime will remove the huge price differential advantage the unorganised market was enjoying.
2246, The cess has been brought in to compensate states for any loss of revenue
2247, Sources tell CNBC-TV18 that the goods and services tax (GST) Council may raise compensation cess ceiling for SUVs, big cars.
2248, Under the new GST regime, cars attract the top tax rate of 28 per cent. On top of this, a cess of 1-15 per cent is levied on them to create a corpus to compensate states for loss of revenue from GST implementation.
2249, But the hike will not waver the faith of the devotees, as the number of idols bought remain the same as last year.
2250, Exports of engineering goods constitute the biggest share in India&#39;s overall export basket and are therefore, vital for job creation, particularly in the small and medium enterprises segment.
2251, A number of daily use products ranging from idli/dosa batter to kitchen gas lighter may cost less as the GST Council is considering lowering rates on these items.
2252, Mercedes-Benz on Monday said India&#39;s proposal to increases taxes on luxury cars and sport-utility vehicles (SUVs) could impact the carmaker&#39;s expansion plans in the country and hurt sales.
2253, "GST is an experiment. Many countries have brought in the GST. Due to some problems at the implementation level, some countries have withdrawn it. We have to wait and see what will be the result. There are divergent opinions on the GST slab system. There are several requests made to the Centre. We have to wait and see how the Centre reacts," he said.
2254, Moreover, the supplies of goods to the export-oriented units from the domestic tariff area are not considered as "deemed exports" under the Goods and Services Tax (GST) regime, resulting in denial of duty free imports of inputs under the &#39;Advance Authorisation&#39; scheme of the government, the exporters&#39; body said in a statement.
2255, NULL
2256, With the government tweaking its GST rates, an unsettled auto and cigarette industry are left to deal with the consequences.
2257, Banerjee said the government had "no option" but to issue the ordinance on GST as otherwise, the state would not have been able to conduct any treasury operation.
2258, "Overall tax burden on the economy has come down after the implementation of the Goods and Services Tax (GST)," he said at an event organised by &#39;PAHLE INDIA FOUNDATION&#39;.
2259, The decision was taken in a Cabinet meeting presided over by the Chief Minister Yogi Adityanath here. The GST will not be charged from the viewers of the films which give a message to society and more than 50 per cent part of which has been shot in the state... the state government will bear it on its own, minister and spokesman of the government Shrikant Sharma told reporters.
2260, The consumer price index likely rose 1.87 percent last month, after dipping to an historic low of 1.54 percent in June, according to the median forecast of nearly 30 economists.
2261, Navin Kumar, chairman of the GST Network, also said barely half of the 34 service providers accredited to help firms bulk-file invoices online had received approval to go live.
2262, The sales are expected to grow in the range of 9-11 per cent at a compounded annual growth rate (CAGR) over the next five fiscals.
2263, The GST Council, chaired by Finance Minister Arun Jaitley and comprising state counterparts, had in June allowed businesses extended timeline for filing final GST returns in forms GSTR-1, GSTR-2 and GSTR-3 for July and August.
2264, Veteran industrialist Adi Godrej today said the Goods and Services Tax (GST) will lead to considerable increase in the GDP in the next six months.
2265, As we approach the deadline to file the first round of GST returns, the GST Network Chairman has said that the pace of filings on the GST portal is still slow. Speaking to CNBC-TV18&#39;s Shereen Bhan earlier today, GST Network Chairman, Navin Kumar said that so far the GST portal has received only 16,000 returns.
2266, The Centre is not in favour of hiking compensation cess for the small car segment as per the government officials.
2267, At the same time Godrej acknowledged that there are certain teething problems under the new tax regime.
2268, Industrial output growth stood at 1.7 per cent in May. Before the implementation of Goods and Services Tax (GST), destocking was triggered largely owing to a steep fall in demand from consumers as they delayed purchases on expectation of getting better price post the new indirect tax regime, the report said.
2269, NULL
2270, Sources say that the industry has raised cash flow concerns as transitional credit hits goods and service tax network (GSTN) roadblock.
2271, The GST has targeted black money which runs a parallel economy in the country, Das said while speaking at a workshop on GST here.
2272, The news highlights in the sector include first quarter results of Sun Pharma, Aurobindo Pharma, Cipla, Cadila Healthcare among others. The US pricing pressure looks more structural than a temporary event.
2273, Meghwal said, while in pre-GST time only 80 lakh dealers were registered, another 13.2 lakh had been added post its introduction, of which 56,000 were from West Bengal only, the highest among the country.
2274, "Therefore, it is difficult for us to bring it under the GST as we need funds for running the government, development and to fulfil our social obligations," state finance minister, Jayant Mallaiya told reporters.
2275, The CBEC said tax will have to be charged at 18 percent irrespective of from where the supply is made, first floor or second floor.rn"If any part of the establishment has a facility of air conditioning, then the rate will be 18 percent for all supplies from the restaurant," it said.
2276, The consumer price index, the main policy target of the Reserve Bank of India (RBI), likely rose 1.87 percent in July from a year earlier, according to a Reuters poll of economists, compared with an increase of 1.54 percent in June.
2277, Amidst the GST-induced disruptions in Q1FY18, though India&#39;s leading retailers held on to their nerve, the jewellery majors weren&#39;t quite up to the mark.
2278, While the business environment is improving, which is also visible in the volume growth, certain business reorganisation impacted profitability. Despite overall 6% growth in consolidated revenues, the company reported flat net profit at Rs 63.57 cr
2279, The company, which witnessed de-stocking in trade channels due to migration to GST, said the new tax regime has brought a level playing field.
2280, The Council, the highest policy making body on Goods and Services Tax (GST), has received requests for changes in tax rates on as many as 133 different products from an array of stakeholders, official sources said.
2281, Such a permit has to detail the goods being transported, the mode used, origin and destination besides details of the supplier, recipient and transporter.
2282, GST has removed inter-state barriers to convert India into a single market where goods and services can flow seamlessly.
2283, Through the quarter they garnered net assets worth USD 2.6 billion, higher than the net inflow of USD 2.0 billion they had received in the previous quarter.
2284, "The GST rate of 28 per cent is high for the leasing industry when compared to the earlier five to 15 per cent tax burden. Higher GST rates lead to requirement of higher working capital at any point of time. This results in increasing the cost of leasing an equipment," Finance Industry Development Council director general Mahesh Thakkar told PTI.
2285, CNBC-TV18 learn from sources that the cabinet is likely to take up new scheme for area-based exemptions under goods and services tax (GST) today.
2286, In a notification, the Directorate General of Foreign Trade (DGFT) has said certain provisions of the foreign trade policy (2015-20) are "amended to allow export of gold jewellery (plain or studded) and articles containing gold of 8 carats and above up to a maximum limit of 22 carats only from domestic tariff area and export-oriented units, electronics hardware technology parks, software technology parks and bio technology parks".
2287, "Within the framework of the GST Act each industry will be entitled to its own refund mechanism during this particular period (March 31, 2027)," he said after the Cabinet meeting headed by Prime Minister Narendra Modi.
2288, The government has received a thumbs up for its competitive cooperative federalism policy from none other than Infosys Co-founder NR Narayana Murthy. He also lauded the government on demonetisation as well as GST.
2289, Also, the document called for taxing education and healthcare
2290, According to the Japanese financial services major, the MPC minutes suggest low inflation and growth concerns led to policy easing earlier this month, and going ahead the RBI is expected to stay on hold.
2291, In comparison, foreign portfolio investors (FPIs) bought equities worth 21,000 crore during the period under review.
2292, GST in flat panel and many electronics items is at 28 per cent, which is higher than the previous taxation regime.
2293, The letter by Finance Minister highlights a concern being raised by the manufacturing sector regarding the rise in input costs of petroleum products taking place on account of transition to Goods and Services Tax regime.
2294, As GST return forms did not have a column for claiming transitional input credit, the government yesterday gave some breather to such taxpayers by giving them an extra week till August 28 to file returns.
2295, Of the six, 2-3 projects are being planned to come up in the megapolis, two in Pune and one in the National Capital Region (NCR), he said, adding that the company already has 40 million sq ft land bank across the country.
2296, The government had extended the goods and services tax (GST) filing period from August 20 to August 25 and CNBC-TV18 learn from sources that 10 lakh tax payers have filed till this morning.
2297, Clarifying issues on GST on gems and jewellery through Frequently Asked Questions (FAQs), the Central Board of Excise and Customs said banks did not pay any VAT on import of precious metals previously. They only paid customs duty.
2298, The GST (Goods and Services Tax) Council had recommended an increase in the cap on cess of SUVs, large, mid-sized and luxury cars to 25 percent from 15 percent now.
2299, As much as Rs 22,000 crore has come in as Central-GST and State-GST alone.
2300, The growth of the GVA at basic prices, excluding agriculture, forestry and fishing, public administration, defence and other services, is likely to be at 4.8 percent in the first quarter.
2301, The goods and services tax (GST) has not been a boon for home-buyers in the country. At least, that&#39;s the sense coming in after the first 2 months of living with the new tax.
2302, Around 55 percent of the state tax revenue was subsumed by the Goods and Services Tax (GST).
2303, NULL
2304, Growth revival in India remains a "concern" due to subdued consumption and investment demand even nine months after demonetisation and nearly two months post GST rollout, says a report.
2305, This will be the third meeting of the council since the launch of the Goods and Services Tax (GST) on July 1 and the 21st since it was set up in September last year.
2306, "With all the applications that I have received from the automobile sector for reduction in GST (Goods and Services Tax) rates, I have included my suggestions on the same and requested the finance minister to think in this direction," Assocham today quoted Geete as saying.
2307, In the pre-GST era, all ambulances enjoyed concession in excise duty rate but after GST implementation, the finance ministry has exempted compensation cess only on ambulances that can carry up to nine persons.
2308, Future Retail has reported an over two-fold jump in its standalone net profit at Rs 148 crore for the quarter ended June 2017 (Q1FY18) on account of higher income. It posted a net profit of Rs 71 crore during the April-June quarter of FY17.
2309, A last-minute rush had led to GSTN portal crashing last week, forcing the government to postpone the tax filing deadline by five days to August 25.
2310, GST of 5 per cent will be levied if the advertisement agency works on principal to principal basis -- buys space from the newspaper and sells such space for advertisement to clients on its own account, a finance ministry statement said.
2311, Exporters have raised certain concerns after the implementation of the Goods and Services Tax (GST).
2312, "GST could increase the overall cost benefit of retailers by up to 5 per cent over three years," Kumar Rajagopalan, chief executive officer of RAI, told PTI here.
2313, By replacing numerous tax codes into one unified tax filing system, small businesses can take advantage of the time saved, by filing all returns under one tax code.
2314, At the heart of the GST reform is digitization- a revolutionary idea that will bring all SMBs at par with technology development and allow them to thrive, having built in efficiencies and timeliness to their daily workings.
2315, The deadline for filing first monthly return under the GST - the new indirect tax regime that unifies over a dozen state and central taxes, including excise duty, service tax and VAT - expires at midnight on Friday,
2316, The Finance Ministry last week amended the Prevention of Money-Laundering (Maintenance of Records) Rules, 2005 to make the Directorate General of Goods and Service Tax Intelligence (DGGSTI) as the regulator with respect to the gems and jewellery sector, said the notification.
2317, The GST Council, the apex tax rate setting body under the Goods and Services Tax regime, had on August 5 approved raising cess on SUVs, mid-sized, large and luxury cars that had become cheaper post GST rollout on July 1.
2318, Agrochemicals account for 30-35 percent of cost cultivation expenses for Indian farmers
2319, The forecast, from a survey of over 40 economists taken over the past week, compares with growth of 6.1 percent in the first three months of the year, the slowest pace in two years. The range of forecasts was wide from 5.7 percent to 7.2 percent.
2320, Tax collected in the maiden filings under the GST regime, which kicked in from July 1, are still being compiled as the last date for filings under different rules is not yet over, he said.
2321, Delhi-based geo mapping company MapMyIndia is helping tax department in accurate assessment of incomes of tax payers using their location component
2322, Union Minister Arjun Ram Meghwal said the GST is like a new "daughter-in-law" who takes time to adjust to the family and the government has brought this new law for the country&#39;s growth.
2323, Addressing a huge rally at Khelgaon here, he said GST helped reduce transport cost and increase the earning of drivers of trucks and tractor trolleys.
2324, The growth in aggregate revenues of 448 companies slowed down to 5.3 per cent over the preceding January-March period as against the 8.3 per cent growth witnessed for the quarter-ago period and 10.6 per cent in the year-ago period, said the report by domestic ratings agency Icra.
2325, The minister&#39;s comments assume significance as India&#39;s export growth slowed to eight-month low of 3.94 per cent in July, while the rupee is strengthening and interest rates not declining fast enough.
2326, The Finance Minister said that little more than 64 percent eligible tax payers had complied so far, taking the total number of migrated tax payers to 72.33 lakh.
2327, NULL
2328, According to global financial services major, higher private consumption and government spending is likely to be "dulled" by weak investment and exports growth over the quarter. "Repercussions of an early budget and the newly implemented Goods and Services Tax (GST) rates, receipts and rebates are likely to distort upcoming GDP readings," it said.
2329, The prime minister was chairing his 21st meeting of Pro-Active Governance and Timely Implementation (PRAGATI), a monthly interaction with top officials of states through a vide conference.
2330, "Even in the case of GST now, we are just having the initial voluntary compliance today going on. When the matching of bills takes place, whether that voluntary compliance is fair and to what extent will become clear," he said while speaking at a book launch event organised by Wolters Kluwer.
2331, Ten months after demonetisation and just 2 months after the launch of the goods and services tax (GST), India&#39;s growth rate has dropped to its lowest level since Narendra Modi took charge as Prime Minister. In an interview to CNBC-TV18, Sajjid Chinoy of JP Morgan, Tanvee Gupta Jain, India Economist at UBS Investment Bank and Manish Wadhawan, MD & Head-Interest Rates at HSBC India shared their readings and outlook on the same.
2332, Pai, who is now Managing Director of Aarin Capital, said India has seen a positive GST impact in the first month of the second quarter. He also said private investment was still weak due to excess capacity in many areas, large NPAs among other things, but that increased investment in roads and railways is showing results.
2333, “Demonetisation was a six-eight week phenomenon from Nov 8-Dec 30...When you say that April-June GDP (gross domestic product) growth has declined because of demonetisation, that is completely incorrect,” Kumar said
2334, Finance Minister Arun Jaitley has assured the Telangana government that the GST Council would discuss the issue of lowering tax structure on public projects as requested by the state
2335, Authorities are also keeping a tab on impact of GST on prices of various commodities
2336, According to the minister, a team of 180 officials and 30 ministers is on the job
2337, In a circular, the finance ministry said late fee for all taxpayers who could not file GSTR 3B for July has been waived, but not the interest on late payment of dues
2338, Recently, the Union Cabinet approved promulgation of an ordinance to amend the GST compensation law to pave the way for increasing cess on mid and large sized cars.
2339, With 24X7 news coverage, we are bombarded with updates on events which may not hold any significant impact on our portfolios, except for the short term.
2340, "The plywood, MDF and particle board industry is very hopeful that GST rate will be brought down to at least 18 per cent which is very high at 28 per cent," Federation of Indian Plywood and Panel Industry president Sajjan Bhajanka told PTI.
2341, India&#39;s maiden GST revenue mop-up got off to a strong start with collection of Rs 92,283 crore in July from just 64.42 per cent of the total taxpayer base.
2342, The latest macro data suggests a slowdown in the economy but euphoria on D-Street seems unabating.
2343, "Indeed, we remain skeptical that the GDP statistics are fully reflecting the underlying growth trends in the economy," Morgan Stanley said in a research note. It further said that a number of high frequency growth indicators are indicating that end demand is holding up well and is running counter to the slowdown exhibited in the national accounts.
2344, Expressing confidence in the newly appointed minister, he said Prabhu should intervene with the finance ministry and the GST Council and get a relief in terms of release of at least 90 per cent goods and services tax (GST) refund on submission of the shipping bills, if a complete GST exemption is not feasible.
2345, Toyota Kirloskar Motor, Mercedes-Benz, Audi and BMW were unanimous that increase in cess on large, luxury cars and SUVs that had become cheaper after GST rollout would dampen the spirits of the industry across the entire value chain.
2346, Watch CNBC-TV18&#39;s Timsy Jaipuria give details about a crucial GST Council meet to be held on September 9 to discuss rates of about 70-80 goods, and 20-30 services.
2347, A key to achieving the target is putting in place a permanent mechanism of almost real-time data exchange between the departments that handle direct tax - income and corporate - and the one which handles indirect levies like customs and Goods and Services Tax (GST).
2348, The statement released in FAQs by the Tax Research Unit, Ministry of Finance (MoF).
2349, During the meeting, the Telangana government will highlight the demands that it made earlier on reduction of tax slabs on certain products and services, state principal secretary (revenue) Somesh Kumar said.
2350, The all powerful GST Council, chaired by Finance Minister Arun Jaitley and comprising his state counterparts, is likely to consider lowering tax rates on over two dozen products, including idli/dosa batter, dried tamarind, custard powder and kitchen gas lighter after anomalies in their fixations were pointed out, officials said.
2351, The tenure of Navin Kumar, Chairman, Goods and Services Tax Network (GSTN) got over on 29 August, and the Department of Personnel and Training has named Pandey as the chairman “with immediate effect and until further orders,” said a Ministry of Finance order
2352, The goods and services tax (GST) council is meeting today for the third time since the rollout of the new tax regime. Timsy Jaipuria of CNBC-TV18 is in Hyderabad tracking the meeting and she spoke to a whole host of state finance ministers and representatives to gauge what to expect today.
2353, The council is likely to take up fixing of tax anomalies on a number of common use items as well as the quantum of cess to be hiked on luxury and mid-size cars, officials told PTI
2354, In the 21st meeting of the GST Council in Hyderabad today, various state finance ministers expressed concerns related to tax return filing on GSTN
2355, Cess on large luxury cars raised to 20 percent, SUVs to 22 percent and mid-sized sedans to 17 percent from a uniform 15 percent earlier; status quo on 1200 cc petrol, 1500 cc diesel cars, hybrid cars and 13-seater vehicles.
2356, Here&#39;s how automakers, experts and tax gurus are viewing the crucial GST decisions.
2357, The government slapped a hike of 2 percent on mid-size sedans, 5 percent on luxury cars and 7 percent on sport utility vehicles. These will be added to the 15 percent cess charged on such vehicles over and above the GST of 28 percent.
2358, Even though independent India&#39;s biggest tax reform of GST was implemented from July 1, the Budget for 2017-18 (April- March), had followed the practice of tax revenue projections under the heads of customs duty, central excise and service tax alongside direct tax numbers.
2359, India&#39;s economic growth slipped to a three-year low of 5.7 per cent in April-June, underscoring the disruptions caused by uncertainty related to the GST rollout amid slowdown in manufacturing activities.
2360, The Goods and Services Tax (GST) Council, at its 21st meeting in Hyderabad yesterday, also decided to reduce levy on computer monitors of up to 20 inches, cotton quilts, rubber bands and kitchen gas lighters.
2361, The BCCI&#39;s official website states that for the month of July, it paid Rs 44,29,516 in GST. Indian national team&#39;s physio Patrick Farhart, for a five-month period, was paid close to Rs 6 million (Rs 58,87, 139). Some of the players were also paid a share of gross revenue from international matches for the 2015-16 season.
2362, However, the date from which tax deducted at source (TDS) or tax collected at source (TCS) will be done will be notified later.
2363, The companies said the constant changes in rates could lead to market instability and affect demand growth trends, expressing disappointment that the Council&#39;s decision "totally overlooked" their contribution to the industry and the economy.
2364, The GST Council on September 9 decided to hike cess on mid-sized cars by 2 percent, taking the effective GST rate to 45 percent.
2365, A look at top cues from the domestic and international markets that could have a bearing on D-Street today.
2366, "Reduction of the GST rate on supply of scrips like merchandise exports from India scheme (MEIS), service exports from India scheme (SEIS), duty free import authorisation (DFIA) from 12 per cent to 5 per cent follows the fitment formula adopted by the Council," FIEO president Ganesh Kumar Gupta said in a statement issued here.
2367, I think primary role is that of a lawyer to help the industry understand what is GST and how it should be implemented
2368, Tata Motors hopes to build on the ongoing revival of its domestic commercial vehicles having increased its overall market share by 330 bps to 45.6 percent in August putting the GST and BS-III ban disruptions behind it.
2369, The Finance Ministry late last night notified the hike in quantum of cess to be levied on cars, following which the new rates came into effect. The effective GST rate on mid-size cars will be 45 per cent, and on large cars it would be 48 per cent.
2370, The focus at the convention was on the three tsunamis that have hit the real estate sector in the past one year namely demonetization, RERA and GST. Here are 5 takeaways from the convention.
2371, Factory output measured by the index of industrial production (IIP) is the closest approximation for measuring economic activity in the country’s business landscape.
2372, The inflation rate is still below the Reserve Bank of India’s medium-term target of 4 percent
2373, According to the Japanese financial services major, post-GST restocking is likely to drive a faster pace of industrial output growth in the coming quarters. Before the implementation of Goods and Services Tax (GST), destocking was triggered largely owing to a steep fall in demand from consumers as they delayed purchases.
2374, A look at top cues from the domestic and international markets that could have a bearing on D-Street today.
2375, The 3.6 million pre-owned car market grew at nine per cent as the demonetisation reduced market size by two lakh units or an estimated six per cent of the overall used car sales market, it said.
2376, NULL
2377, Badal, the Minister for Food Processing Industries, also made a pitch for greater flexibility in the foreign direct investment for homecare products to make it more attractive for the investors
2378, UNCTAD&#39;s Trade and Development 2017 report notes that the world economy in 2017 is picking up but not lifting off. The growth is expected to reach 2.6 per cent, slightly higher than in 2016 but well below the pre-financial crisis average of 3.2 per cent.
2379, This panel was formed after many state ministers, also members of the GST Council, had pointed the distress caused y the taxpayers of their states when filing their return under GSTN.
2380, According to the global financial services major, two recent policy measures -- demonetisation in November 2016 and GST rollout in July 2017 had a short term impact on economic activity and aggravated the already slowing momentum.
2381, The GST Council, the highest decision-making body of the new Goods and Services Tax (GST) regime, had on Saturday decided to form a five-member panel to look into the technical glitches facing GST Network (GSTN).
2382, The Goods and Services Tax (GST) regime, which kicked in from July 1, allows tax credit on stock purchased during the previous tax regime.
2383, The GST Council had last week decided to form a five-member panel to look into the technical glitches facing  the GST network
2384, The Group of Ministers (GoM) set up to look into the technical issues faced by goods and services tax network (GSTN), headed by Bihar Deputy Chief Minister Sushil Kumar Modi is holding its first meeting in Bengaluru today.
2385, The Group of Ministers (GoM) set up to look into the technical issues faced by goods and services tax network (GSTN), headed by Bihar Deputy Chief Minister Sushil Kumar Modi held its first meeting in Bengaluru today. In an interview to CNBC-TV18, MS Mani, Tax Partner at Deloitte, Rohan Shah, Tax Expert and also Pratik Jain, Leader-Indirect Taxes of PricewaterhouseCoopers (PwC) discussed about the same.
2386, Social capital is "insufficient" in the country and spending on aspects like health and education "is not just desirable for its (India&#39;s) own sake, but is also central to economic growth and political stability", it said.
2387, "There are two kinds of taxes (on petroleum products). One is the central excise and the other one is state VAT. That is the reason we are expecting uniform tax mechanism from the industry point of view," Pradhan told PTI.
2388, The Japanese financial services major said that the wider current account deficit in the second quarter and still- elevated trade deficit so far in July-August suggest that the current account deficit is set to widen sharply this year. Nomura expects current account deficit likely at 1.5 per cent of GDP in 2017 but noted that funding will not be a constraint.
2389, Pradhan also rejected allegations that the main reason for fuel price hike is the high margins taken out by the oil companies
2390, The government has few options in its hand to kick-start the economy at a time when there are operational difficulties on the ground. All steps will be meaningless unless the GST system is running smoothly.
2391, The meeting that will be held will be a video-conferenceing meeting.
2392, During the meeting the exporters pressed for starting the refund process immediately based on GSTR-1 and GSTR-3B data. While GSTR-3B is the initial simplified returns which businesses have to file, GSTR-1 is the final sales return to be filed every month.
2393, Businesses have time till midnight to file August returns in GSTR-3B form and the network is geared up to take the load, he said. This is the second month of GSTR-3B filing after the Goods and Services Tax (GST) was rolled out from July 1.
2394, If you are late to file your GST returns, there might be some good news for you soon. The Rajasthan High Court today ruled that no late fee can be charged for filings for the month of July and August. The court also told the government to correct the GST-network glitches as soon as possible.
2395, Also, the businesses will have to print in indelible ink on containers in which they are selling cereals, pulses, flours that they have voluntarily foregone actionable claim or enforceable right on brands, a finance ministry statement said.
2396, By bringing petrol and diesel under GST regime, the prices of the petroleum products would reduce by nearly 50 per cent, he told reporters here.
2397, This is the second month of return filing under the Goods and Services Tax (GST) regime and similar to last month, businesses thronged the GST Network portal on the last day to pay taxes.
2398, As per the amendments in Hand Book of Procedures (2015- 20), the directorate general of foreign trade (DGFT) said that at the time of exports of gems and jewellery parcel by post, the exporter will have to submit documents including shipping bills or tax invoice as per the GST rules.
2399, Gandhi, who is in the US on a two-week-long tour, during his interaction with students at the prestigious Princeton University said &#39;Make in India&#39; is a good idea, if implemented well, it is a very powerful idea.
2400, Karnataka Agriculture Minister Krishna Byre Gowda, who represents Karnataka in the GST Council, said it would start showing results starting from another 15 days going up to November.
2401, The decision-making mechanism at the top between the Centre and the states has been "reasonably institutionalised" and the mechanism created to address day-to-day issues is robust, he said.
2402, The Finance Ministry today said the GST Council is exploring ways to address working capital concerns of exporters. This as the ministry announced its decision to give refund by linking form GSTR 1 with form GSTR 3-B and also instructed central and state authorities to clear pending pre-GST refund claims. CNBC-TV18&#39;s Timsy Jaipuria gave us these details.
2403, In view of difficulties of online filing, the industry body suggested that "the due dates for filing GSTR-1, GSTR-2 and GSTR-3 should be deferred for another month or two".
2404, Of the total 87.33 lakh registered businesses on the GSTN, which manages the IT infrastructure of the new tax regime, 68 lakh were eligible to pay taxes in August.
2405, According to the global financial services major, global investors view India favourably not just for its growth outlook, but also because of its robust/stable macro story reflected in falling inflation and stable currency.
2406, While free gold coins and white goods continue to be offered as free gifts by developers this festive season, the new kid on the block is a GST waiver that has caught the fancy of many real estate developers this Navratras
2407, "To be very honest, there has been no effect as such due to GST and it reflects in the numbers. Prior to GST, diners used to be charged 18.5 per cent tax but now it has come down to 18 per cent.
2408, The fund has maintained a higher-duration strategy largely through government securities/state development loans
2409, "Price of Endevour has gone up in the range of Rs 1.2 lakh to Rs 1.8 lakh depending on the variant," a company spokesperson told PTI. The impact on company&#39;s other models has not been much, the spokesperson added.
2410, Taxpayers have complained of various glitches including lack of forms, inability to rectify errors, bugs in the software and inaccessibility of the site
2411, Bhan’s ability to pick fundamentally sound stocks and understand long-term trends has benefited the fund
2412, Chidambaram also said the BJP national executive&#39;s support to demonetisation is "utter contempt of public opinion".
2413, Post demonetisation, RERA, GST and insolvency proceedings against Jaypee and Amrapali, most developers are going all out to woo buyers with realistic, sentiment boosting’ marketing strategies.
2414, CNBC-TV18 learn from sources that the goods and services tax (GST) revenue collections have slowed down in August. Watch accompanying video of CNBC-TV18’s Timsy Jaipuria for an update on the same.
2415, Rising petrol and diesel prices have reignited debate over high taxes on fuels and whether they should be brought under GST. It is a classic case of one man’s meat being the other’s poison. Consumers will benefit if petrol and diesel are taxed under GST, but the government stands to lose a big chunk of its revenues.
2416, "This is the big difference between the Congress&#39;s ideology and the BJP&#39;s ideology. The Congress listens to everyone and then implements a big decision. This government did not listen to anybody and implemented the GST and demonetisation, which affected the backbone of country&#39;s economy," Gandhi said.
2417, "The fiscal stress is more a result of excess spending thus far, which has not left much room for spending in the remaining months: it can rise only 1.5 per cent y-o-y in August-March versus 23.1 per cent in April-July to meet the FY18 budgeted spending target.
2418, On the list of 137 economies, Switzerland is followed by the US and Singapore in second and third places, respectively. In the latest Global Competitiveness Report released today, India has slipped from the 39th position to 40th while neighbouring China is ranked at 27th.
2419, Market analysts and economists of varying expertise have used terabytes of memory space in writing about how the cash ban and GST have brought the economy to a three-year low and why things will only get worse before they improve.
2420, In an interview to CNBC-TV18, Dipan Mehta, Member BSE & NSE, spoke about his reading of the market and his outlook on a few stocks.
2421, The key concern of the government has been that the tax base has been expanding but that is not getting reflected in the return being filed and people are not concerned about the fact that they have to pay penalty.
2422, Kumar also admitted that there have been problems on account of demonetisation and Goods and Services Tax (GST) implementation but now people have adopted to the new tax regime.
2423, He urged the chief secretaries to use the district administration in this regard, so that small traders are facilitated to access and adopt the new system, according to a PMO statement.
2424, According to sources, industry representatives would raise issues such as input tax credit and also timely refund of duties paid by exporters.
2425, Top party leaders defended the economic situation after former finance minister Sinha slammed the government over decisions like note ban and the GST and said economic revival appeared "highly unlikely" and a "hard landing" inevitable.
2426, "Interestingly, the highest growth in India from 1990 to 2014 was really during coalition governments...So, in a way it&#39;s consensus based...in Indian situation, a coalition probably produces better economic results than a strong government,” Reddy told a Washington audience yesterday.
2427, "The minister gave a sympathetic hearing to our concerns and assured all possible help. He has taken all our points positively," Federation of Indian Export Organisations (FIEO) President Ganesh Gupta told reporters after the meeting.
2428, In an exclusive interview to News18 India, the former finance minister said that the first serious task of the government should have been to solve the NPAs issue, plaguing the banking sector and holding back the economy.
2429, Retail inflation rose to a five-month high of 3.36 per cent in August from 2.36 per cent in July. August inflation number was the highest since March 2017, when it was recorded at 3.89 per cent.
2430, Sinha has also maintained that demonetisation was an "unmitigated disaster" and that a badly implemented Goods and Services Tax was like "giving a half dead patient a deathly dose".
2431, The report further said, "while we&#39;ve been more cautious than most investors over the last three years on the recovery in growth and earnings, we believe the concern over a big revenue shortfall is overdone."
2432, The meeting assumes importance as exporters, especially small merchant exporters have been hit very badly following delays in tax refunds, forcing them to even stop taking fresh orders.
2433, Total GST collection for August touched Rs 90,669 crore (up to September 25, 2017), against Rs 94,063 crore mopped up in the first month of the new indirect tax regime rollout.
2434, The GST Council had asked the bank to pay integrated GST on banking services provided to its head office in Singapore.
2435, CNBC-TV18’s Yash Jain caught up with Maharashtra FM, Sudhir Mungantiwar and asked him about the government&#39;s stand on the teething problems with regards to goods and services tax (GST) implementation and the GSTN glitches.
2436, The decision came after several companies and retailers body CAIT highlighted that they are still left with huge unsold stocks of pre-GST goods and need more time to clear that.
2437, The decision comes a day after exporters met Finance Minister Arun Jaitley for resolution of GST-related problems to boost overseas shipments.
2438, In a statement, the chamber said India Inc is looking up to the government to take the &#39;out of ordinary&#39; measures
2439, Registering your business on the GST Network (GSTN) is quite easy and there are some amazing benefits of the same, such as payments will become transparent and refunds will be faster.
2440, Prime Minister Narendra Modi-headed Cabinet may also approve creation of the post of chairman and four technical members of the authority tomorrow, officials said.
2441, Noting that film producers were facing difficulties after the implementation of the Goods and Services Tax from July 1, the council in a statement said the announcement of levying an additional 10 per cent local body tax has come as a &#39;shock&#39; to the industry. There&#39;s been a 28 per cent GST on films.
2442, Former RBI Governor C Rangarajan today said GST is an important step forward but the government should focus on reviving private sector investments.
2443, A look at top cues from domestic and international cues that could have a bearing on D-Street.
2444, The lingering impact of the government&#39;s cash ban late last year pushed growth in Asia&#39;s third-largest economy to slow unexpectedly to a three-year low of 5.7 percent in the April-June quarter from a year earlier.
2445, Prime Minister Narendra Modi brainstormed for over three hours with Arun Jaitley and BJP president Amit Shah on Thursday.
2446, Prime Minister Narendra Modi&#39;s administration has done "many good things" such as implementing a goods and services tax and a new bankruptcy law, according to Srivatsan Rajan, chairman of Bain & Company India. But, he added, increasing the banks&#39; ability to lend is what will get the economy going again.
2447, India&#39;s economy failed to meet expectations for the April-June quarter as gross domestic product growth slowed to 5.7 percent — the country&#39;s lowest pace since early 2014.
2448, Sunil Peter, chief executive officer of the Singapore Indian Chambers of Commerce and Industry (SICCI), said the arbitration courts could help in quick conflict resolution which will strengthen and encourage companies to enter and grow their investments in India.
2449, Under the GST regime, hotels with room rent exceeding Rs 7,500 attract tax rate of 28 per cent, while accommodation in any hotel, including 5-star hotels, with tariff of less than Rs 7,500 per day is to be taxed at 18 per cent.
2450, "Discussions are going on about the country, its economy and also GST - its effects, after-effects and side-effects. Let the discussions go on. It is always good for democracy," Naidu said during his speech at the International Conference on Technological Advancements in Railway and Metro Projects.
2451, Speaking at the India Economic Summit of the WEF, he said the sector if given benefits in terms of taxation and cost, there is no reason why India will not emerge as the fastest growing aviation market in the world in the next decade.
2452, "Structural changes will take six months to two years time to show results. There may be some short term (hiccups). As I said, next year, if the government continues with the pace of forward looking reforms and does electioneering campaign for polls in balance, then I don&#39;t see any risk to our potential for growth," Munjal told reporters here.
2453, Live updates as the GST Council sits down to debate changes to the tax reform.
2454, According to the Japanese financial services major, there could be some downside to the RBI&#39;s near-term projections.
2455, CNBC-TV18&#39;s Ronojoy Banerjee caught up Senior Congress Leader, Kamal Nath, who said that the Congress will support the measures that will help ease GST compliance. He also talked about the steps needed to put growth back on track.
2456, A day before, Rajnish Kumar, Bhattacharya&#39;s successor, told the media that reviving credit growth and resolution of stressed assets will be his top priority.
2457, The 14th annual summit between India and the European Union (EU) was held here. India was represented by Prime Minister Narendra Modi. The EU was represented by Donald Tusk, President of the European Council, and Jean Claude Juncker, the President of the European Commission.
2458, The Council approved a proposal that allows small tax payers with a turnover of less than Rs 1.5 crore to file quarterly returns.
2459, The Finance Minister Arun Jaitley-headed panel pushed for big changes in its 22nd meeting to iron out rough edges of the new tax system that has been hit by multiple pain points since it was rolled out on July 1.
2460, The Council also rationalised rates for 12 services.
2461, The Goods and Services Tax (GST) has a four-tier structure of 5, 12, 18 and 28 per cent. While majority of common use items have been exempted from GST, 28 per cent tax is levied on luxury, demerit and &#39;sin goods&#39;.
2462, Most FMCG firms were hit by de-stocking by channel partners ahead of the implementation of the Goods and Services Tax (GST) in July this year due to uncertainties of transition to the new system.
2463, The Finance Minister Arun Jaitley-headed panel pushed for big changes in its 22nd meeting to iron out rough edges of the new tax system that has been hit by multiple pain points, said a report.
2464, The GST Council on Friday hiked the threshold turnover for the composition scheme that allows SMEs to pay 1-5 per cent tax without going through tedious formalities.
2465, The GST Council, chaired by Finance Minister Arun Jaitley and comprising state counterparts as members, had on Friday last cut rates on 27 items. These included lowering rates on man-made yarn to 12 per cent from 18 per cent as well as zari job work to 5 per cent from the 12 per cent earlier.
2466, The ministry was receiving requests from various industries and sectors requesting for changes in GST slabs, which were done depending on merits, the minister of state for finance told reporters here.
2467, The former Uttar Pradesh chief minister also accused the BJP of misleading the people on issues such as the loan waiver for farmers and corruption.
2468, The GoM will also look into the proposal to reducing GST rates on air-conditioned restaurants from 18 percent to 12 percent.
2469, A look at top cues from domestic and international cues that could have a bearing on D-Street.
2470, The decision to protest was taken as last minute negotiations with the government did not materialise, Harish Sabharwal, Additional Vice President (North) of the All India Motor Transport Congress (AIMTC), told News18.com.
2471, According to DBS, incoming high-frequency data are likely to improve. The index of industrial production for August -- due this week -- is poised to extend gains from July&#39;s 1.2 per cent, said DBS in its daily economic report today.
2472, Only 32 lakh businesses have actually filed their returns from the 68 lakh goods and services tax (GST) code owners. A huge mismatch for the government. CNBC-TV18 tried finding out what is holding back. Uttkarsh Chaturvedi spoke to a few construction material makers and stumbled upon issues like complex GST structures and an unfriendly GSTN system.
2473, "With the Goods and Services Tax (GST) in place, giving separate exemptions to anyone is not possible," the government source said.
2474, Jaitley, who is on a week-long visit to the US to attend the annual meetings of the International Monetary Fund and World Bank, said under the GST the government has unveiled attractive schemes to ensure that the non-compliant in India become compliant.
2475, Small business may be languishing on the ground but suddenly it has become the most potent constituency.
2476, India can become a much cleaner and bigger economy among the emerging economies as it has the capacity to implement bold decisions and scale them up efficiently, Finance Minister Arun Jaitley said.
2477, Speaking at the India Energy Forum by CERAWeek, he said the country&#39;s expanding middle class represents a growing source of demand, not just for energy but for goods and services from around the world.
2478, The GST law provides for constitution of anti- profiteering authority. "A mechanism has been put in place in Haryana to check any unauthorised profiteering committed by taxpayers in the name of GST," he further said.
2479, Disruptions arising from Demonetisation and GST (Goods and Services Tax) have further delayed the capex or capital expenditure by companies till FY20, according to a report by India Ratings and Research.
2480, Taking stock of all the compliance issues and how the rollout has been so far, CNBC-TV18 speaks to an esteemed panel of the GST Council members from four crucial states.
2481, As a result, growth is expected to slow from 8.6 per cent in 2015 to 7.0 per cent in 2017. Sound policies around balancing public spending with private investment could accelerate growth to 7.3 per cent by 2018, the World Bank said in its South Asia Economic Focus, a biannual economic update.
2482, The latest IMF report lowered India&#39;s growth projection to 6.7 per cent in 2017, 0.5 percentage points less than its previous two forecasts and attributed it to demonetisation and introduction of the GST.
2483, The International Monetary Fund yesterday also lowered India&#39;s growth projection to 6.7 per cent in 2017, 0.5 percentage points less than its previous two forecasts and slower than China&#39;s 6.8 per cent.
2484, Consumer inflation is forecast to have risen to 3.60 percent in September from a year ago, above August&#39;s 3.36 percent, the poll of 36 economists showed.
2485, The Prime Minister’s Economic Advisory Council (EAC-PM) will hold its first meeting on Wednesday, amid a sense of urgency about the state of the economy. The mandate of the council is to analyze all critical issues, economic or otherwise, and advise the PM accordingly.
2486, पर्सनल कम्प्यूटर के जरिए किसी कारोबार का लेखा-जोखा रखना बहुत आसान हो जाता है। पर्सनल कम्प्यूटर के जरिए छोटे और मझोले कारोबारी अपने हर सौदे और लेन-देन का लेखा-जोखा बड़ी सरलता और सहजता से रख सकते हैं।
2487, Nearly all deepsea drilling rigs are imported while a bulk of ones used in shallow waters to drill wells to probe and produce oil and gas are also of foreign origin.
2488, The latest results are critical for investors, marking the first quarter since the rollout of a national goods and services tax (GST) on July 1 and coming amid a wider retreat in share markets on investor concern about stocks being overvalued.
2489, It is unlikely that the government would want to tinker with the GST structure and introduce any slab higher than 28 percent.  But if it decides to bring it under GST, it will be at a huge cost.
2490, India&#39;s nationwide GST taxed bunker fuel sales at 18 percent when it was implemented on July 1. The GST replaced state value-added taxes that were typically between zero and 5 percent.
2491, An extended timeline to meet the capital needs under the norms would provide the necessary breather to banks to lend more while they grapple with several issues, it said.
2492, The government is considering ways to revive the economy after growth fell to its slowest pace in three years in the three months to June.
2493, In a circular, the home ministry said the revised cash management system, formulated by the Ministry of Finance, has to be followed in view of the changes in tax receipt under the GST regime.
2494, "At present, the negative effects of GST among the small businessmen outweigh the positive vibes. We hope that the norms and guidelines will be simplified further to help these entities to file returns and claim input tax credit," MD of Bengaluru-based Tally Solutions, Bharat Goenka, told reporters here today.
2495, Residential launches decline but demand for commercial office space and retail properties continues to drive fund flows.
2496, This is lower than 54.78 lakh initial returns for July filed in GSTR-3B form.
2497, Markets are 70-80 percent sure of a US Fed rate hike in December, Geoffrey Dennis, Head-Global Emerging Market Strategy at UBS told CNBC-TV18.
2498, The matter will be discussed in the next meeting of the GST, which will be held on November 9 in Guwahati.
2499, The industry seeks reversal of compensation cess on cars which was hiked between 2 percent and 7 percent in September.
2500, In first public appearance at the IMF headquarters here after his arrival in the city, Jaitley echoed International Monetary Fund Managing Director Christine Lagarde and World Bank President Jim Yong Kim, who have said that the world is experiencing a strong economic recovery.
2501, Deputy Director Asia Pacific Department of IMF, Kenneth Kang, said the favorable outlook for Asia was an important opportunity for India to push forward with difficult reforms
2502, In a letter to Jaitley, Sisodia said if real estate comes under the new indirect tax regime, exorbitant hike in land prices could be checked and the flow of black money curbed.
2503, Adhia said while fitting the goods and services in various tax bracket, the GST Council has taken into consideration only the excise duty and VAT rate applicable on those items prior to GST.
2504, A decision in this regard is likely be part of the state&#39;s budget for 2017-18, which is planned for the first week of January, reports Mint.
2505, Commenting on the twin data on industrial output and price situation, he said that the benign and moderate inflation has become the order of the day.
2506, Echoing views expressed by Dharmendra Pradhan, Union Minister of Petroleum and Natural Gas earlier, Reddy said state governments should reduce their VAT on the fossil fuel.
2507, Meeting in Guwahati on November 10 likely to look into issues related to construction, which needs to be “restructured”. Issues related to infrastructure will also be addressed
2508, The reduction in gifts from corporate houses to their associates, networked partners, employees and other key personalities is more for outside connects than employees who are more or less receiving their annual gesture from their employers, the industry body said.
2509, Tamil Nadu BJP State President, Tamilisai Soundararajan demanded producers remove these scenes. "I object to certain scenes in Vijay&#39;s movie &#39;Mersal&#39;. Certain scenes project GST and digital India in a bad light and we want these scenes removed. Vijay has political ambitions and that is the reason why these scenes are there in the movie," she added.
2510, GST will formalise the unorganised micro, small and medium sector enterprises (MSME), helping banks to get data on the borrowers&#39; cash flows and repayments thereby easing fund access to the segment.
2511, In a letter to Union Finance Minister Arun Jaitley yesterday, Siddaramaiah said: "I am writing to raise a very critical issue that the GST council should take note of and decide on a priority basis."
2512, Following implementation of GST, people from all walks of life and trading community were affected, the Congress leader said.
2513, References to the Goods and Services Tax (GST) in &#39;Mersal&#39; have not gone down well with the BJP. The party objected to what it termed "untruths" about the central taxation regime in the film and demanded that the references be deleted.
2514, The deadline for filing the initial returns in GSTR- 3B for September under the Goods and Services Tax regime ends midnight yesterday.
2515, Nearly four months since its introduction, the new indirect tax threw up teething troubles and compliance issues, which the GST Council -- the highest decision-making body of the new regime -- has addressed through several rounds of changes
2516, The parties could plan another protest, possibly on the streets, against the note ban, a drive declaring 500 and 1000-rupee notes as illegal to eradicate corruption and black money menace.
2517, "If we have a look at the figures which have come recently, the production of coal, electricity, natural gas and other items has increased tremendously. Foreign investors are making record investments in the country. The foreign exchange reserves of the country have reached 40,000 crore dollars from 30,000 crore dollars," Modi said.
2518, In an interview to PTI, Pandey said a group of ministers (GoM) headed by Bihar Deputy Chief Minister Sushil Kumar Modi reviews the functioning of the GST Network (GSTN) every fortnight to ensure that it is working smoothly.
2519, GST Network (GSTN), the company handling IT infrastructure for the indirect tax regime, has from October 10 started issuing refunds to exporters for Integrated GST (IGST) they paid for the month of July, after matching GSTR-3B and GSTR-1.
2520, We agree with CEOs of tourism industry that GST rate of high end rooms at 28 percent is very high and we will take up this issue with the Finance Ministry – that&#39;s the word coming in from Tourism Minister, KJ Alphons.
2521, With the offline tool, internet connection is not required at the time of filling up details. After the details are fed into the excel tool, it can be uploaded on the GST portal.
2522, Council to take up matter in its next meeting in Guwahati on November 10 to ease procedural irritants for small firms
2523, Structural demand in consumer durables was weak due to GST, said Anil Rai Gupta, CMD, Havells.
2524, "To facilitate taxpayers, late fee on filing of GSTR-3B for August and September has been has been waived," Finance Minister Arun Jaitley tweeted.
2525, Gandhi, who had yesterday described the goods and services tax as "Gabbar Singh Tax" during a rally in Gujarat, today recalled a much quoted dialogue from "Sholay" to sharpen his attack on Prime Minister Narendra Modi.
2526, Of this, Rs 14,042 crore is on account of Central GST, while State GST is to the tune of Rs 21,172 crore.
2527, Finance minister Arun Jaitley said that the government will launch an umbrella road building programme to de-bottleneck the sector.
2528, Three months into GST rollout, the new indirect tax regime has consistently given Rs 93,000- 94,000 crore in taxes every month, Arun Jaitley said.
2529, Chouhan, in a series of meetings with US industry representatives and leaders of the corporate world here has invited them to invest in his state.
2530, Asia&#39;s third-largest economy will grow at 6.7 percent in the fiscal year ending March 2018, the slowest since the new methodology of measuring gross domestic product (GDP) was introduced in the 2014-15 fiscal year, according to the latest poll of 30 economists.
2531, Severe action will be initiated against levying of the Goods and Services Tax (GST) in addition to the maximum retail price (MRP) and cases will be registered against such an illegal practice, C V Anand, the state&#39;s civil supplies commissioner and legal metrology department&#39;s controller, said yesterday.
2532, NRAI which represent more than one lakh restaurants said that the government’s proposal to reduce GST rate to 12 percent from 18 percent without input tax credits will make eating out in restaurants more costly.
2533, In an interview to CNBC-TV18, Bipeen Valame, CFO & Wholetime Director at Sutlej Textiles & Industry spoke about the results and his outlook for the company.
2534, "When you do such a massive reform there are bound to be some issues and challenges, but the government has been responding to feedback from stakeholders and making appropriate changes as required," Secretary in the Department of Industrial Policy and Promotion (DIPP) Ramesh Abhishek said.
2535, Chouhan, in his interaction with the business community here, lauded decisions like the demonetisation and GST taken by the Indian government.
2536, It’s fair to say that without an effective and efficient road-freight logistics industry, our country will never be able to reach its fullest potential
2537, HUL posted a good recovery in volume and had a relatively smooth transition through GST. While its focus on the natural portfolio is worth noting, competitive intensity cannot be wished away.
2538, The government on Thursday extended the deadline by a month till November 30 for businesses to claim credit of transitional stock in the Goods and Services Tax (GST) regime.
2539, "Issuing invoices as per the GST laws was causing a lot of hassle for retailers. The length of the bill and various codes were confusing customers who were feeling that they were being charged extra," an RAI statement said.
2540, The technical snag in the GST portal and the cumbersome process of giving detailed information about the traded goods have forced hundreds of commercial tax consultants from South Gujarat to boycott the filing of GSTR-2
2541, Restaurant chains say that without an input tax credit (ITC), the move to reduce GST rate from 18% to 12% will increase the final bill for customers....
2542, All states barring Rajasthan and Arunachal Pradesh, have been given compensation for the first two months (July-August) after GST rollout.
2543, At a meeting of the Group of Ministers on the functioning of GSTN, it was felt that the focus of the portal should now be on invoice matching done through the filing of GSTR-2, for which the last date is October 31.
2544, From the start, be its design, concept, and rate structure, the GST in the present form is wrong, Chidamabaram said, adding "this government has cheated the people by bringing the GST bills as a money bill" because they don&#39;t have majority in the Rajya Sabha
2545, GSTN Chairman Ajay Bhushan Pandey said about 500 calls a day are made from a full-fledged call centre seeking feedback from businesses which have filed returns
2546, As per the GST laws, for July-September quarter businesses, with a turnover of up to Rs 75 lakh, opting for composition scheme can file quarterly returns and pay taxes
2547, The GoM headed by Assam Finance Minister Himanta Biswa Sarma has suggested doing away with the tax rate distinction between AC and non-AC restaurants and tax them at 12 percent
2548, Around 15 lakh businesses opted for composition scheme, which allows them to pay taxes at a concessional rate and makes compliance easy
2549, Karnataka Minister for Large, Medium Industries and Infrastructure Development R V Deshpande said some changes are required in the current GST structure as "small traders and businessmen are suffering".
2550, The 3rd meeting of the goods and services tax network (GSTN) and the Group of Ministers (GoM) on GST took place on Saturday to address IT related issues.
2551, The government has announced a Rs 9 lakh crore plan to revive the economy.
2552, Tata Metaliks has followed up a weak Q1 with strong numbers this time around. Topline has expanded nearly 40 percent and profits are up 55 percent. Lower other expenses too have boosted earnings.
2553, Wondering why the government was "celebrating" the first anniversary of note ban on November 8, Gandhi said, "I don&#39;t know what is there to celebrate."
2554, Based on current trends, we expect the cement demand to rebound from Q4 FY2018 as against earlier expectations of Q3 FY2018, the same may be positively impacted by the housing segment both affordable and rural housing and; infrastructure segment, mostly road and irrigation projects, rating agency ICRA said in its report here.
2555, The group of ministers, headed by Assam Finance Minister Himanta Biswa Sarma, has in its recommendation to the GST Council on easing compliance burden on small and medium enterprises suggested that the government make it amply clear in the present law that MRP is the maximum price of a product to be sold in retail and charging anything above this is an offence.
2556, In an interview to CNBC-TV18, Haseeb Drabu, Finance Minister of Jammu & Kashmir, along with the best tax experts in the country -- MS Mani, Partner at Deloitte, Pratik Jain, Partner at PwC, Rohan Shah, a Tax Expert, Dinesh Kanabar, CEO at Dhruva Advisors, and Riyaaz Amlani, President of National Restaurant Association of India, discussed on how will the new changes proposed to the tax regime impact your wallet.
2557, NULL
2558, "Going forward, GST&#39;s incorporation in next year&#39;s assessment will provide another significant leap in doing- business rankings for India," Yes Bank managing director Rana Kapoor said in a statement.
2559, The Nikkei Manufacturing Purchasing Managers&#39; Index, compiled by IHS Markit, fell to 50.3 last month from September&#39;s 51.2, marking its third month above the 50-point threshold that separates growth from contraction.
2560, Targeting Finance Minister Arun Jaitley, Gandhi said the "entire country will shout to say that there is no ease of doing business in India".
2561, The tool will allow taxpayers to export data of GSTR-2 to an MS-Excel spreadsheet. This will be helpful in comparing this data with purchase register to take actions like accept, reject and modify, GSTN said in a statement.
2562, Denying claims made by CAIT, Infosys in an email response to Moneycontrol said, “the information you have received is completely inaccurate.”
2563, Global direct selling major Amway today batted for reduction of GST rate on food supplements saying prevention of health issues must also be given similar importance as curatives.
2564, Gujarat outcome will be taken as a sample of Modi&#39;s popularity at the all-India level and may impact short-term market sentiments, JK Jain, Head of Equity Research at Karvy Stock Broking, said in an exclusive interview with Moneycontrol’s Kshitij Anand.
2565, Parrikar, in a letter written on October 30 in reply to Shiv Sena&#39;s demand to look into the issue, also said that if his government gets any representation from a tiatrist or drama producer, then it would be taken up with the GST Council for consideration.
2566, Infosys, which had won the Rs 1,380 crore deal in 2015 for developing and running GST&#39;s back-end, has stepped up efforts to remove outages the system faced during peak tax and return filing period, he said.
2567, The reforms initiated by the government in the last three years have helped India jump 30 places since last year in the World Bank&#39;s Ease of Doing Business ranking to break into the top 100-nation club.
2568, Tax should be practical to avoid tax evasion, he said, inaugurating a one-day summit of Human Resources Personnel organised by the Puducherry unit of Confederation of Indian Industry (CII) here.
2569, The recent policy initiatives including demonetisation and GST are driving a positive overhaul of the economy, said the executives from Nestle, Unilever, Metro AG and Tata.
2570, "As far as Haryana is concerned, there are two issues pertaining to the GST which are pending in the GST council. We are demanding tax rate on plywood be reduced from 28 per cent to 18 per cent," said state finance minister Capt Abhimanyu while talking to reporters here today.
2571, The next meeting of the Council headed by Union Finance Minister Arun Jaitley and comprising state finance ministers is scheduled to meet on November 9 and 10 in Guwahati
2572, Last week, India moved for the first time into the top 100 of World Bank’s Ease of Doing Business global rankings due to sustained business reforms over the past several years. Last year the report had ranked India at 130
2573, Metals and mining giant Vedanta Ltd today said there has been no "adverse impact" of the GST on it and the new tax regime has helped it streamline supplies in the country.
2574, The all-powerful GST Council may consider lowering tax rates on a host of goods such as handmade furniture, plastic products and daily use items like shampoo, and simplify return filing rules in its meeting this week.
2575, As per the latest data available with the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Sebi), capital garnered by the listed companies through the Qualified Institutional Placement (QIP) route stood at Rs 36,653 crore in the first six months of 2017-18.
2576, An exporter can claim refund of Integrated GST tax paid at the time of export by filling the details of shipping bill and tax paid GST invoice in his Form GSTR1 in the relevant month.
2577, "It is suggested that the Centre can ask traders, whose turnover is up to Rs 100 crore annually to file form GSTR3B on a monthly basis. They should be asked to pay tax monthly on a self-assessment basis," CAIT President B C Bhartia told PTI over phone from Nagpur.
2578, The panel -- which has been constituted with approval of Union Finance Minister Arun Jaitley -- includes other members like Araghya Sengupta (Research Director, Centre for Legal Policy), Vinod Jain (CA), Anuj Sahai (CEO of Federation of Indian Exporters Organisation) and Laghu Udyog Bharti President Om Prakash Mittal, CAIT said in a statement.
2579, Athawale said he has planned the initiative to thank Prime Minister Narendra Modi for targetting black money through &#39;notebandi&#39; last year, wherein high value currencies of Rs 500 and Rs 1,000 were withdrawn from circulation.
2580, As it steps up the fight against illicit fund flows, so far names of around 2.24 lakh companies that have been inactive for long have been struck off from the official records and 3.09 lakh directors have been disqualified.
2581, The department found that small traders to big shopping malls and even multiplexes and prominent MNC food chains were allegedly indulging in this fraud, he said.
2582, CNBC-TV18&#39;s Rituparna Bhuyan caught up with Baba Kalyani, Managing Director of Bharat Forge and asked him that how important are the goods and services tax (GST) related issues raised by small traders.
2583, In an interview to CNBC-TV18’s Priya Sheth, ITC’s Sanjeev Puri shared his readings and views on goods and services tax (GST).
2584, Kitex Garments saw a big jump in sales and the bottomline as the base quarter numbers were low but margins saw a slight contraction. In an interview to CNBC-TV18, Sabu Jacob, CMD, Kitex Garments spoke about the results and his outlook for the company.
2585, "Great Selfish Tax (GST) to harass the people. To take away jobs. To hurt businesses. To finish the economy. GoI totally failed to tackle #GST (sic)," she posted on Twitter.
